%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 10:49:14 AM
From:Paul Senior
Bob Rudd, re: PLCM

I'm seeing (4/16 press release) $174M cash/cash equiv. & short-term investments
on 99.3M shares. Or $1.75/sh.

PLCM's been on my watch list, and I note the nice run-up a couple of times
after the stock was in the 8-9 level. I'll revisit if stock drops there again.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 11:05:28 AM
From:Wallace Rivers
FWIW, Paul, and I know virtually nil about PLCM, its products or financials,
Raymond James had a comment today on the co., feeling that MSFT may have a
product which would make PLCM product or products obsolete. Maintain
underperform. Just a heads up, and this may already be in the stock.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 11:25:32 AM
From:Bob Rudd
Paul re: PLCM The cash confused me too...It's not all where you usually find
it. You have to add Long-term investments 338,858,000. The long-term stuff has
a bit longer maturity, but it's still cash. From the recent 10-K: Short-term
and long-term investments consisted primarily of U.S. government securities,
state and local government securities and corporate debt and equity securities
of which $0.4 million was invested in equity securities of publicly traded
companies"
Since they have a lot of cash, they go longer to increase return.
On revisiting if it hits 8-9: Naturally I hope that doesn't happen, but that's
how I'd play it, too...being congenitally opposed to chasing them once they've
left the barn. OTOH, if they do retrace to that area, I may be a seller since
that would probably indicate the SARS situation hasn't generated enough
interest to ignite growth. If neither terrorism <travel delays, hassles> nor
threats of a pandemic can jumpstart VC, my thesis will have been proven wrong.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 2:01:38 PM
From:not925
A photographer, with a digital camera, took couple hundred pictures as Buffett
signed autographs at Borsheim on Sunday. The photographer said the pictures
will be posted on the web. If you know the address of the web site could you
please post it here. Thank you very much in advance.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 2:10:41 PM
From:Bob Rudd
Wallace: MSFT recently bought Placeware, a small web conferencing player, but
they are more positioned against WEBX than PLCM...unless one surmises that web
conferencing will make dedicated Video conferencing hardware [Think rooms with
special screens, dedicated lines, etc] obsolete. Is that what Raymond James is
saying?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 3:34:07 PM
From:Bob Rudd
AOL/Lessons - I found this article useful - It starts out about AOL, but moves
to sell discipline [CAPS are mine, not meant to be preachy - it's how I
highlight in text files for my own notes]
5/7/03 12:22 ET Ahead of the Curve: AOL (AOL): 13.33 +0.04 (+0.3%) Ted Turner
sold half his shares in AOL over the past few months and announced it
yesterday. Much is being made of the implications for AOL, all of which are
negative. There are a few people arguing that the incredible new supply of
shares available is creating a buying opportunity, on the theory that they are
not enough good stocks to go around. We don't buy that, because WE DON'T THINK
THAT A GOOD INVESTMENT PREMISE CAN BE CREATED FOR AOL (other than short term
trades). The primary reason for this is that WE BELIEVE ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY
STOCKS, THAT DEPEND UPON THE VALUE OF THEIR ARCHIVED COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS,
FACE A SERIOUS AND LONG TERM THREAT FROM DIGITAL COPYING TECHNOLOGY AND THE
GROWING CULTURAL ACCEPTANCE THAT COPYRIGHT THEFT IS ACCEPTABLE. It is a STRONG
ENOUGH THREAT TO MAKE US AVOID ALL OF THESE STOCKS, of which AOL is one of the
biggest (because of Time-Warner). THE ARGUMENT ON WHICH THE MERGER WAS BASED -
TAKE TW CONTENT AND SELL IT ALL OVER AGAIN USING THE AOL INSTALLED CUSTOMER
BASE AND THE INTERNET - HAS PROVEN WRONG. Today, THERE IS NO GOOD LONG TERM
INVESTMENT PREMISE AND A SERIOUS THREAT EXISTS. Why hold? Ted obviously feels
the same way.

Nevertheless, there are THREE EXCELLENT LESSONS for other investors in any
stock that Ted's actions demonstrate.

ONE: THE NAME OF THE GAME IS TAKING MONEY OFF THE TABLE. Eventually, you sell.
The objective, of course, is to sell at a profit, but TAKING MONEY OFF THE
TABLE IS MORE IMPORTANT. Much is being made of the amount of money that Turner
failed to make by not selling at the peak. That misses the point. Now that he
has reached the decision that going forward is not the right move, he took
money off the table. We get emails all the time from readers who have lost
faith in their investment premise, but refuse to sell because the stock is
either below what they paid or below what they expected. WHEN YOU LOSE FAITH,
YOU MUST SELL. Whenever your money is on the table, it is at risk.

TWO: WHEN A DECISION IS TOUGH TO MAKE, A HALF-STEP IS AN EXCELLENT WAY TO GO.
You NEVER HAVE TO MAKE AN ALL-OR-NOTHING DECISION. A half-move has the
following emotional benefits:
a) if the stock continues to go up, you did the right thing by keeping half;
b) if the stock continues to go down, you did the right thing by selling half.
How often can you make a decision where either outcome proves that you were
right? Rarely. (If you take the opposite viewpoint that either way, you did
something wrong, you have a serious problem. Success in investing (and perhaps
in life) requires a resilient positive attitude, we believe.

THREE: WHEN YOU MAKE A DECISION THAT THE FORWARD PATH IS WRONG, THE PAST IS
IRRELEVANT. Taking action is more important. The media is focused on how much
Ted has lost since the peak of AOL. At one time, Ted Turner's stock was worth
more than $10 billion. He made headlines when he pledged $1 billion to the
United Nations ($500 million of which has been delivered - the rest will be
delivered over 10 years, instead of the original remaining five years). All
that is not important now. Ted probably spent some time moaning the loss and
probably spent some time being upset with Steve Case, who bears the blame for
the failed merger. But it is irrelevant. Any emotional attachment to the past
that prevents you from acting today is a negative factor. Ted Turner clearly
has plenty of reasons to be upset and angry, but none of them prevented him
from selling. We see emotional attachment preventing action by investors all
the time. It usually only causes more losses.

We have great respect for Ted Turner. He is one of the true individual
entrepreneurs who can serve as a real example for other entrepreneurs. His
recent action can also serve as an example to other investors. Disappointed?
Lost faith? Lost money? So what, take action. Not easy, we admit, but you have
to do it. Ask Ted. - Robert V. Green, Briefing.com
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 3:44:30 PM
From:Bob Rudd
Couldn't find the pic's you mentioned, if they are posted, they may eventually
be unearthed by this search link...which does have several WEB photo's:
http://images.google.com/images?q=warren+buffett&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&hl=en&btnG=G
ogle+Search
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 4:50:42 PM
From:Dale Baker
Interesting to compare WEB and Turner; WEB never set the world on fire but he's
worth several times what Turner has left.

Interesting to ponder how that happened...WEB certainly sold a few stocks along
the way but I don't think he ever cut loose any of his operating businesses, he
just keeps accumulating more.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/7/2003 6:51:51 PM
From:Wallace Rivers
Bob, Raymond James mentioned nothing about WEBX, specifically mentioned the
PLCM obsolescence only.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 3:25:24 AM
From:mikeslemmer
Re: WebEx as an investment.

I'm currently working with a startup in the Bay Area that is doing a
videoconferencing system. Their basic thesis is that companies like WebEx use
an outdated video compression scheme. As a consequence, this startup's product
has video quality that is so visually superior to WebEx's that any layperson
would probably pick theirs over WebEx. (Incidentally, their scheme is
patented).

Point being that, though I might agree videoconferencing is a good space, you
should be concerned about disruptive competitors in this space. WebEx's
revenues could dry up pretty quickly if a "clearly better" technology hits the
market.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 3:27:40 AM
From:mikeslemmer
WTBK buyout at $3/share...

Maybe 2 months ago I posted an analysis of WTBK as an attractive purchase in
the high $1s range. As luck would have it they've announced an MBO at $3/share.

My question to anyone who's looked at this stock is whether you think the right
move at this stage is to sell out, wait to see if a more attractive price comes
along, or do something else.

Thus far, I've sold a bit at $3.02 (that price alone indicates some people
think the price will be raised), but I'm ambivalent about the next move.

Any thoughts?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 3:54:11 AM
From:mikeslemmer
Is Steinway (NYSE:LVB) attractive at this price?

I'm going to argue that it is, but I'd love to hear other people's opinions on
this matter.

Steinway is actually two separate companies, stuck together in what amounts to
a congeneric (i.e. no real synergies I can see) merger between the piano
business and Conn-Selmer, a woodwind/brass instrument maker.

The CEO is an I-banker type who LBOed Steinway a few years back. Consequently,
the company has a *big* slug of debt. Also, the CEO owns a separate class of
shares which give him voting control over the company in spite of him owning
<50% of the common.

The piano business and the premium brass/woodwind businesses have been doing
so-so given the economic downturn. The company also sells & leases instruments
to students in school bands. This part of the business has been terrible due to
price competition. Mgmt is fixing this by outsourcing the school-band segment
to manufacturers in China.

One other bad thing -- the company's labor unions recently went on strike.

The stock looks attractive for several reasons.

1. The company just resolved all its strikes and signed new contracts.
According to the conference call, these contracts are going to lower costs
significantly.

2. In spite of the economy, mgmt projects earnings of $0.80-$1.00 for 2003. In
a decent economy, combined with fixing the band-instrument segment, I believe
the company's earning power to be in the $2.00 range.

3. Steinway pianos are one of the best brand names in the world. The company's
premium brass/woodwind brand names are similarly positioned. Steinway pianos
are just beginning to penetrate China. I believe, at a minimum, these brands
provide a margin of safety for how far sales could fall.

4. Mgmt is paying down debt as rapidly as possible using retained earnings.
Assuming the company continues to meet its debt obligations, this will increase
EPS over time by decreasing debt (the class LBO/equity stub situation).
Interest coverage has generally been in the 3x to 4x range.

5. The CEO has a large equity position in the company and relatively few
options. This tells me that he's in it for the long haul, and that he's working
with us as shareholders not against us. I've also been generally impressed with
his candor and demeanor on the conference calls.

6. Book value is about $15.28 per fully diluted share. Sales are $37 per fully
diluted share. These numbers don't necessarily guarantee you anything, but they
help establish a price floor and a margin of safety.

The stock recently traded around $13.80. Any thoughts?

(Note: I do currently own shares in the company)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 9:27:54 AM
From:Bob Rudd
Mikeslemmer: Thanks for your insight. There's lots of small competitors in this
space, many possessing this or that technological edge. Marketing muscle to get
heard over the din is probably more important than technological edge. There
may be some lock in and network effects with web-conferenencing that provide a
bit of support to leaders. My main concerns with disruptive technology is that
web conferencing disrupts the traditional approaches hurting PLCM [which has
been building a position in IP based approaches thru acquisitions] and MSFT or
AOL which may just expand and enhance IM approaches.
Why wouldn't a developer of superior video compression simply license that
technology to established players rather than battle it out with them?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 11:10:57 AM
From:jeffbas
Mike, you presented Steinway in an interesting fashion, permitting me to think
what a good price to buy would be as I read along, before seeing the actual
price (since I do not follow the company). My conclusion is its a buy under
$10, and reasonably valued at near $14. In my opinion, the presence of so much
debt dilutes the apparent cheapness of the stock - think of how much equity
they would have to issue to fix the debt problem, at what price it could be
sold, and what that would do to the valuation. I also do not see any catalyst
for improvement in the price near term. As an old company, it might also have
some defined benefit pension plan funding issues?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 2:29:34 PM
From:mikeslemmer
Bob: You make interesting points about licensing vs. battling. You could be
completely right.

I disagree that marketing will necessarily matter more than technology. In my
experience as an entrepreneur in Silicon Valley, I've seen times when a
superior technology basically drained competitors revenues like a bathtub with
the plug pulled. Because switching costs are relatively low for a company like
WebEx (as opposed to a product like PicTel), I think this could definitely
happen.

My point is to give you a reason to be concerned about WebEx really being a
"value" situation. I believe the videoconferencing sector is very frothy and
unstable, and so is really unsuitable for traditional value-based analysis.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 4:30:01 PM
From:Wallace Rivers
Does anyone have an opinion on, or knowledge of the Stanley Works (SWK)? It's
trading near a 52 week low, yields north of 4%. Raised dividends every year as
far back as my array goes (10 years plus). Results lately have been pretty
punk, which surprises me given how strong the housing market has been. For the
time being, just looking. May be a great brand name on the cheap, but the same
could have been said for Xerox and many others.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 4:51:07 PM
From:Paul Senior
Bob Rudd, thanks for posting Green's Briefing.com AOL article. Helpful to me.

Paul S.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 4:51:46 PM
From:Bob Rudd
mikeslemmer: Licensing vs battling: I gotta believe it would be more fun and
profitable to be the 'Dolby' of Video Conferencing, licensing to one or more VC
players who already have the other elements in place than to spend to duplicate
those elements while trying to make a diverse global market aware of your
advantages...which may be offset by weaknesses in other elements of the total
homegrown package. Here's some of the outfits that believe(d) they offer a
technological advantage:
http://quote.yahoo.com/q?s=PLCM+LATD+FVCX+WEBX+FORG+PTEK+CLRO.PK+ACTT+RNDC+OPTO
OB+PRFT+AVSR+SMOLE.OB&d=2y and that doesn't include private firms like Tandberg
[big like PLCM] and non VC companies like MSFT.
Your points on VC and Webex are well taken. My collective position in VC
[~80/20 PLCM/WEBX] is well less than 1% because I agree that the premise is
largely growth based and quite speculative. The 'value' element is that both
have been beaten up yet both are leaders in what could be a much larger
business and both are financially solid with significant net cash. I see SARS
as a substantial catalyst that I'm not really paying a premium for.
Technology vs marketing/position: It's an interesting strategic issue with
several moving parts - To what extent does the new technology address needs the
customers are aware of better than existing solutions? Are there switching
costs/risks? Are customers aware of the new technology? Wired-in tech buyers
get the news fast, business people in diverse locations who don't follow
technology closely...it takes awhile. In the meantime, R&D at the leaders and
their supplier's look for ways around patents to duplicate or exceed the
innovators edge before it gains a foothold.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 5:47:01 PM
From:Paul Senior
regarding Steinway:

Imo, it might be a buy here at current price based on some numbers I'm looking
at: relative p/sales, p/book value, growth in book value, and past (avg.) ROE.

Stock is approaching multi-year lows and one wonders (well, I wonder) if the
current downtrend might continue because investors believe the current business
prospects will not be so good going forward. This confuses me somewhat based on
my background. My parents believed a home is not a home unless it has a piano
in it, and my wife and her parents believe similar. (Too bad I'm tone deaf with
no musical skills.) If we're seeing a boom in household formations, and my
anecdotal experience is common, then maybe Steinway needs only to get its share
of business for it to prosper.

OTOH, there's stiff competition from China in the low end for Steinway's
orchestra instruments, and schools seem (?) to be cutting back on their music
classes. With high end pianos, I notice that Japan's Kawai has been very, very
active in sponsoring concerts in my area. Yamaha too I believe has long been an
aggressive, innovative and well-financed competitor. (I'm no expert on piano
companies or pianos though, high-end or not.)

Still, there's that Steinway charisma that the name engenders.

And I wouldn't be betting against you, mikeslemmer, as your picks seem to be
doing very well now.

Plus, with a stock symbol like LVB, how could somebody not be a little
attracted to Steinway? (-g-)

In my way of looking at it, there are still a goodly number of value
propositions out there. LVB's okay maybe, but not a screaming buy, and not
better than some other value ideas that have been suggested here. I could see
LVB though as a small bet within a diversified portfolio. For now I'll add it
to my watch list.

PS = Paul Senior

LVB = Ludwig van Beethoven
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 6:14:53 PM
From:Madharry
yet another brokerage firm pays a back handed compliment to AAPL- Solomon Smith
Barney upgraded to their equivalent of market performer raising their price
target from 15 to 18. This after the stock closed the day before at 17.65. I
guess tomorrow they will be downgrading since the price target has now been
met. I can only speculate that some of these bokerage firms either have
outright short positions here or have marketed some sort of hedge of long
microsoft and short apple and are doing what they can to stem the tide.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 8:24:01 PM
From:Paul Senior
These brokerage companies...grrrr.

Lots of times these guys can't get earning' ballpark right so I'm doubly leery
when they try to say what a stock's "appropriate" price should be.

SRZ 25.43 -3.07: -- Update -- Merrill Lynch downgrades to Sell from Neutral
following this morning's earnings report. Firm believes current price is taking
a very optimistic view of co's future results. Believes a price in the $16-$21
range would seem more appropriate. With stock in the $26 area, firm sees
considerable downside left. (from Briefing.com)

'Course it could just be that it's my ox that's being gored, so some anger on
my part. I will consider adding to my small SRZ position if stock drops
further.

Seeing no reason to sell AAPL now...I'm holding on.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 8:51:43 PM
From:Londo
Question for everybody out there on dividends:

Is there a screen that I can do that shows companies that previously never
declared a dividend (or did so many years ago) that is starting to recently
declare them? (let's say in the calendar year 2002 or 2003).

MSFT would be an example, but that's obviously a company that's too big to
invest in.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/8/2003 11:36:48 PM
From:Spekulatius
SWK opinion -
there are a couple of red flags. First of all SWK's debt has been rising
lately, due to acquisitions and an equity hedge program that has to be settled
with debt now. Despite acquisitions, growth has been stale and costs are
rising, so earnings have come under pressure.
The situation reminds me a lot of BAX, which has lost 60% of its value within 1
1/2 years. I think it's premature to bet on a turnaround, since the
restructuring has just begun and these things tend to drag out much longer than
most investors betting on a quick rebound realize. What i have found that it's
often possible to jump in on a turnaround a a later stage when fundamentals are
somewhat improving and the shareprice is still depressed when some investors
are growing impationed with the progress.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:12:48 AM
From:Paul Senior
Update on cash rich stocks published by Barron's 11/'02

I believe Barron's showed 23 such stocks that were selling below net cash.

I've not looked closely at the 11 of the 23 that are now above cash value. I'm
guessing that most of these 11 rose in price, but also that there might be some
of the 11 where the cash value got depleted and fell below the stock price (In
other words, there were some of the 11 where the stock price did not rise but
instead, remained constant or fell.)

One of the 11 stocks seems recently to fluctuate around its cash value:

ARNA: $6.67 cash/sh. (no debt) and closing price today $6.80 (I hold a few
shares of ARNA.)

12 of the 23 are still selling below cash value, and these are the one's I'm
more interested in now rather than the 11 above cash value.

There are five stocks (of the 12 below cash value) that are selling below cash
and with no debt, according to my Yahoo numbers:

GTW, NUFO, NTRT, CVNS AMIE

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=gtw+nufo+ntrt+cvns+amie&d=t

Four stocks sell below cash with just a very little bit of debt, again per
Yahoo:

CALP CLTK AACE CLRS

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=calp+cvns+cltk+aace+clrs&d=t

(I mentioned AACE here in December; I still have my very small position.)

Three of the 12 stocks sell below cash but with substantially more debt,
according to Yahoo numbers:

ALSC NVAL CMRC

(d/e = .26, .39, 53, respectively)

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=alsc+nval+cmrc&d=t

(I have been a holder of ALSC since before it was a possible cash play. I've
given up on it as of this week: I don't see the business prospects improving;
I've no confidence in the management; and if I'm going to suffer further, I'd
rather it be in a fresh stock pick.)

I recently put GTW on my watch list. Now it looks like I might want to consider
a few more of these below-cash-with-no-or- little-debt possibilities.

I welcome any comments on any of these stocks or their business prospects.

Paul Senior
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:38:25 AM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
>LVB = Ludwig van Beethoven

and I thought LVB symbol meant "LeVereged Buyout".

Jurgis - the only question: in the past or in the future? :-)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 4:42:01 AM
From:Dale Baker
Pull up a multiyear weekly chart of SRZ and it looks like a drunken sailor
staggering home. The company itself is generating a modest, consistent business
direction but the brokers knock it around.

Usually this is a situation where the small investor gets swamped by the Wall
Street players.

On your cash rich stocks, GTW is the only one I know well enough to comment.
Their management responded badly as their business became tougher. I would
avoid an investment there based on that alone (i.e. building brick and mortar
storefronts when no one else was dumb enough to make that move).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:02:28 PM
From:Paul Senior
Thanks, Dale. Appreciate the comments.

Yes, the obvious problem with a cash-in-search-of-a-business company which I
consider GTW to be, is that the investor has to hope that Mr. Waitt, the
entrepreneur/founder, can be successful again.

There just aren't that many good capital allocators out there that I see.
(Buffett being the acknowledged greatest)

I suspect Mr Waitt might continue to fritter money away: I hope he won't make a
big (and poor) acquisition. If I bought GTW, I'd be hoping the frittering stops
somehow (a business or business model is eventually lucked into, GTW company is
taken private, or something) before the cash ($3.75) dissipates to the current
stock price ($3.23). At today's price there's not enough spread for me. Maybe
if stock gets to $2.75 as a few days ago.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:08:54 PM
From:Paul Senior
Adding to my losing position in LENS on report of good sales.

Stock sells under stated book value. ($5.31 vs. $5.49)
No ltd.
Almost $3/sh. in cash
Company should have decent growth prospects as economy improves.

Paul Senior, who
assumes (growth) and hopes (the economy improves)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:13:04 PM
From:Dale Baker
ATS creeping up today on unusual volume, I don't know why.

TNP - worth checking out for value players, I started a new long today after
they reported great earnings.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:42:11 PM
From:Paul Senior
re: TNP. My preference, and still holding on to, FRO.

Some similar numbers as TNP as regards p/bk, debt levels.
I don't know TNP, prefer the larger and more established FRO.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?d=c&c=tnp&k=c1&t=2y&s=fro&a=v&p=s&l=on&z=m&q=l
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:47:37 PM
From:Paul Senior
Steven J Emmerich: Closed VCLK, deployed some funds to NETP. eom.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 12:58:16 PM
From:Carey Thompson
Dale Baker,

The Nov 2002 call on Fremont General was great. The
company has returned to profitability, and the stock is now
reflecting the fact. The stock is up to $9.36 from my
most recent brokerage statement. I have owned it since
1999; here are notes. (if you want the qtrly financials e-
mail me). Here is an example of a good company getting out of an unprofitable
business and catching the home refinancing trend and becoming very profitable.
I believe this company survived because the employees and directors owned more
than 30% if the stocks so its was in the best interest of everyone in the
company to keep the company afloat. There were no desperado unions included.

Dec 14, 2000 - FMT announces it will restructure its
Workers Comp ins division. It will close 2/3 of its ofcs
and layoff more than half of its ins personell. It will
take a $278 mill write off of intangibles/goodwill and $20
mill restructuring charge. It appears FMT is severely
cutting back its workers comp ins business and will go with
its S&L as its main driver into the future.

Nov 29, 2000 FMT agrees with CA dept of Ins DOI to limit
new and renewal ins prms to $400 mill for 2001
it looks like the DOI has given FMT a breathing spell to
get profitable and stay in business and mitigate the
enormous losses of last year. Since FMT writes business
thru subsidiaries I don't know how this decision
will affect total revenues or premiums. I will hold
because FMT has been profitable, has lots of employee
ownership has diversified into a s&l.

Mar 3, 2000
FMT states is took an addl charge of $75 mill relating to the workers comp.
Disaster with
Reliance. A cool feature of the Reliance/FMT settlement is Reliance pays FMT
$100 mill
to exit the workers comp business; no pmt schedule was disclosed. Note FMT has
bought back 15% of its shs outstanding since EOY 1998; this should zoom eps
when FMT
returns to profitability. I hope the charges from 3q99 and 4q99 are large
enough and no
addl charges need to be taken over the next few yrs (see TW handling of
Northridge earthquake).

Dec 8, 1999 The Finova Group Inc. ,FNV, said on Wednesday it agreed to buy
Fremont Financial Corp., the commercial lending subsidiary of insurance
group Fremont General Corp. (NYSE:FMT - news), for $765 million in cash,
including debt. I bought at the open; this news was announced at 11:00 am. I
got lucky

Dec 8, 1999 - Bought 400 shs @ 5 5/16. Here is a consistently profitable
company that has stood the up-and-downs of the casualty and property cycle that
is
getting trashed in a down cycle. Nobody (but Carey) loves you when you're
down and out. Financed by selling 300 shs of UACA. Personal acct transaction.

Keep up the good work and I am listening in the background so keep posting.

Continued Gook Luck investing.

Carey
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 1:32:09 PM
From:Dale Baker
I had a very nice run in the FMT_p preferred, now getting started with FMT
common from low 9's for longer-term hold. As long as they keep putting up great
numbers FMT is worth an investment.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 2:17:39 PM
From:Softechie
You haven't looked inside of NETP office have you?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 5:25:34 PM
From:Madharry
I sold mine today. I decided i wanted to bank a profit and i could see it
receding to 16 again.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/9/2003 10:11:44 PM
From:Broken_Clock
aace is the only one that peaked my interest. I hope you bought near $7. -g-
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 10:13:37 AM
From:Larry S.
I believe Toyota was discussed here a while back. Here is a compelling argument
for the stock:
Monday, May 5, 2003

Taking on the World
Toyota's revving up for a bigger chunk of the global auto market. Its shares
should pick up, too

By JAY PALMER

WHEN DETROIT'S TOP AUTO executives gather, the shop talk often turns to which
among the world's many car makers are most admired and
feared. On both counts, increasingly, the winner is Toyota Motor. And now the
giant Japanese company -- the No. 3 auto maker in the world, after
General Motors and Ford, in terms of global production and sales -- is about to
become an even bigger threat. With growth potential limited in its
home market, Toyota has set its sights on expanding overseas. Just recently,
the firm said it aims to boost its global market share to 15% over the
next 10 years, up from about 10% now.

Coming from any other auto maker, a goal like that -- which would put Toyota on
an equal footing with General Motors worldwide -- would seem
to be vainglorious bluster. But coming from Toyota, it promises to produce
plenty of heartburn for the industry's other top players. While 15%
might seem like a stretch, Toyota just might be able to do it.

The company's not-so-secret weapons are its plants, at home and, increasingly,
abroad, which consistently rank among the world's most efficient.
Auto consultant Harbour and Associates calculates that it takes Toyota just 20
hours to build a vehicle -- a bit more than the newly resurgent
Nissan's winning 18.5 hours in the last rankings, but a heck of a lot better
than GM's 26 hours, Ford's 27 and DaimlerChrysler's 30.

This cuts Toyota's costs, pushing its per-vehicle profits higher than those of
all rivals except Nissan. Indeed, Harbour figures that in 2001, the
latest year for which data is available, Toyota's pretax profits per vehicle
were $1,477 worldwide, versus just $73 at GM and a loss of $1,293 at
Ford. In its fiscal year ending March 2002, Toyota earned net profit of
&#165;470 billion, or &#165;129 per share ($2.58 per American depositary
receipt, or
ADR).

Aided by the industry's best reputation for reliability, Toyota hasn't had to
boost rebates and
incentives to the levels offered by Detroit's Big Three or some European and
Japanese car makers.
Year after year, Toyota and its luxury brand Lexus sit near the top -- in
Lexus' case at No. 1 -- in the
J.D.Power ratings for customer satisfaction and product quality.

But should the Japanese behemoth decide to buy market share, it could
out-incentive everyone else,
putting tremendous pressure on its competitors. And it has an ample war chest
-- about $17.5 billion
in cash, more than any other carmaker.

Though Toyota has had its ups and downs, it has long been a star in bottom-line
performance. In
each of the past six quarters, it's turned in double-digit growth in operating
profits and, over the past
decade, it's been one of the most consistently profitable auto makers.

Yet, for all this, Toyota's stock, and ADRs have been anything but strong. Over
the past three years -- battered by the sick Japanese economy and
stock market, a selloff of equity cross-holdings by Japanese banks and,
recently, fears that the yen's strength will curb Japanese exports -- Toyota
has been a poor performer. The stock has tumbled from &#165;5,700 to
&#165;2,550 in Tokyo over the past three years, with about 16% of that drop
coming
just this year. (In the same span, the ADRs, which are traded on the Big Board
and represent two shares each, slid from $100 to $40.) The shares'
decline, which has been pretty much in line with those of the other global
vehicle makers, has left them near a five-year low.

The slide might not be quite over, since some Street analysts predict that
unique currency effects
(stemming from the way the company hedges) will mean that profits in the
quarter ending in June --
the first of the company's new fiscal year -- will be sharply down from the
strong year-earlier
results. That performance will almost certainly compare unfavorably to those of
Honda and,
especially, of Nissan, which has made a stunning comeback from near-death under
the control of
France's Renault.

Still, for those willing to take a long-term view, Toyota stock is so cheap
that this may be the time to
buy a stake in what is arguably the world's best car company. Indeed, the stock
could well rise by
more than 35% over the next 12 months, to &#165;3,500.

One of the key reasons for being bullish on Toyota is that, unlike the U.S. Big
Three, each of which has already made big pushes into Asia and
Europe, with sometimes mixed results, Toyota has yet to fully flex its muscles
in some markets outside its home country.

In Japan, Toyota has long been the biggest player and now holds about 40% of
the market. Although the planned introduction of the luxury Lexus
brand to Japan this year -- it hadn't been offered before -- should slow the
gains made by BMW and DaimlerChrysler's Mercedes, Toyota's existing
stranglehold limits the room for significant volume growth. In fact, even the
company concedes that its future Japanese sales will be lucky to more
than mirror the market's movements as a whole.

Outside Japan, the story is very different. China, where auto sales have been
soaring from a tiny
base, almost certainly offers the biggest untapped growth opportunities for the
long term. In
October, Toyota opened its first plant there. However, the SARs epidemic is
sure to hurt this year's
performance and, given the continuing political risk in China, it may take
decades for the market's
promise to be fully realized.

In the shorter term, the biggest opportunities lie in Europe and the world's
biggest single auto
market, the U.S. "It's not an official goal, but more an internal company
target," said Shin Kanada, a
member of Toyota's board, during a recent interview in Tokyo. "But we do aim to
increase our share of the global market to 15% within a decade.
We don't care who we take market share from, as long as we take market share."

Western Europe has hardly been a strong point for Toyota, since it is generally
reckoned that, hidden behind the murkiness of the company's
Japanese accounting, it has lost money there for much if not all of the past
three decades. But things began to look up just over three years ago
when those nations scrapped import quotas on Japanese cars.

Toyota responded with an all-new subcompact designed specifically for Europe:
the rather curvaceous Yaris, which quickly became a popular cult
car among younger drivers in Germany, France and Italy and the company's best
Euro seller. Helped by a redesigned Corolla and the introduction
of the small RAV4 SUV, Toyota boosted its sales amid a widespread auto-sales
downturn. Currently, Toyota's European sales are running at an
annual rate of around 600,000 units, up from 500,000 in 1999. Even amid the
current slump, some forecast that sales of close to 700,000 in 2003
are possible, aided by the introduction of new models, like the Avensis
compact. That would give the company 5% of the market, just about half of
the 10.7% held by the biggest player, Renault, but more than Audi, BMW, Volvo
or, indeed, Nissan itself.

But Europe is small potatoes for Toyota compared to the U.S., where the
Japanese giant is challenging DaimlerChrysler for third place in
light-vehicle sales. Toyota's annual report doesn't say as much, but the
company probably earns most of its operating profits here. (Complicating
the issue is that 40% of the vehicles Toyota sells in the U.S are imported from
Japan, rather than built at one of its five American plants, and thus
are booked as Japanese sales.)

Toyota's success in the U.S., like that of Honda, Nissan and virtually all the
imports, dates back to Detroit's unwillingness to recognize the
popularity of small cars after the oil crisis of 1973; that spawned a
fast-growing niche and the Japanese manufacturers filled it quickly. But, in
the
years since, Toyota has been offering autos in many styles, sizes and at many
price points. In all, Toyota offers 18 models in the U.S., including
the MR2 Spyder sports car, Sienna minivan, Highlander and Land Cruiser SUVs,
the Prius electric-gasoline hybrid and the Corolla and Camry
sedans. On top of this are eight Lexus models, among them the popular RX330
crossover (crossovers look like SUVs but drive like cars).

Over the past five years, with the Big Three continuing to lose ground, Toyota
has lifted its share of the U.S. market from 8% to 10% -- and each
percentage point is generally reckoned to be worth about $1 billion of profit.
Many observers think the company could boost its U.S. share to at
least 12%, or maybe even 13%, by 2013.

"You have to take a long-term view if you buy any auto stock," says Jim
Coxon, a senior investment adviser at the New York State Teachers'
Retirement System. "But, if there is one company to buy now amid all
the gloom and doom, then it's the company that has low costs and
hot-selling vehicles. On both counts, that's Toyota."

The reason for such optimism is that, through luck and savvy planning,
Toyota has adapted to ever-changing U.S tastes. For example, Toyota
once was a distant also-ran in the minivan sector. But it has aggressively
upgraded its offerings there. Recently, it made its Sienna minivan slightly
larger, adding third-row seats and an optional rear-seat DVD
entertainment system. The van now can better challenge the market
leaders, the Dodge Caravan, Chrysler Voyager and Honda Odyssey. That
should help Toyota boost its U.S. minivan share above its current 7%.

The Japanese vehicle manufacturer is also trying to make its products
more attractive to young motorists, by introducing the Scion line of
inexpensive cars here and in Japan.

At the same time, Toyota has positioned itself to be particularly strong in
sectors set to grow the fastest, such as luxury cars, sport-utility vehicles,
the new hybrid electric/gasoline fuel-efficient vehicles, and the
crossovers. Toyota's new "built-in-America" Lexus RX330, the replacement for
the RX300, can hold its own with the likes of the BMW X5 and
the Mercedes ML350. Combined, these models will make for a richer mix for
Toyota. And strong profits.

But the U.S. vehicle that offers the most promise to Toyota and other Japanese
vehicle makers is the pickup truck. Although the situation began to
change about four years ago, when Toyota started selling its midsize Tacoma
model, this remains an area where the Japanese have long been
underrepresented -- and in which Detroit's Big Three have for years earned a
disproportionately huge slice of their profits.

But Toyota recently announced that it would build an $800 million plant in San
Antonio to make its new full-sized Tundra pickup trucks, cranking
out 150,000 a year starting in 2006. The Tundra will go head-to-head with the
all-new 2004 version of the nation's top-selling vehicle, the Ford
F150 pickup. And the mere fact that Toyota has just 4.7% of the pickup market
means that it has plenty of room to expand rapidly -- especially if it
ramps up rebates and other incentives, as GM is doing now.

"We can't hope to get all the gain from trucks," says Kanada, "but this is
where we are going to push and push hard. We had a difficult period with
our first full-sized pickup, but we learned our lessons, accumulated knowledge,
and we now know what's needed."

And what about Toyota's $17.5 billion cash hoard?

Some investors, particularly foreigners, would like some of it distributed,
perhaps by expanding the present $5 billion a year allotted to stock
buybacks and the $1 billion being paid out in dividends. But the company
doesn't see things the same way.

One criticism of the company -- again mainly from foreign investors -- is that
it has sometimes become involved in ventures that make little
economic sense. For example, it recently agreed to put up $1 billion to help
bail out Tomen, a troubled Japanese trading house, with which it had a
relationship in the past. Given Japanese firms' traditions of loyalty and
interest in keeping the social fabric intact, it's unlikely that such
misadventures will ever be eliminated. But they're not likely to have a
significant impact on Toyota, given its size.

Despite Toyota's strong fundamentals, its stock trades at a multiple not far
above its peers: just 11 times expected earnings for the year ended in
March, versus, say, 8 times for GM and 6 times for Germany's Volkswagen.

But because U.S., Japanese and European companies report according to differing
accounting standards, price-to-earnings ratios don't always give
an accurate picture. A better measure is enterprise value (a company's market
capitalization, plus debt, minus cash and equivalents), divided by
cash flow, as measured by Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization).

Based on results for Toyota's most recently completed fiscal year, which ended
in March, its shares trade at an enterprise value/Ebitda level of just
4, compared with close to 5 for both Honda and Nissan and about 10 for GM and
Ford.

Thus, Toyota's stock might be a bigger bargain than any of its cars -- even one
loaded with buyer incentives.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 10:32:47 AM
From:gcrispin
Here is an interesting interview from the WSJ that I thought investors might
enjoy. I particularly agree with the comments about retail.

Gabelli's Marcin Finds Value
Among Battered Companies

Barbara Marcin is the equivalent of a storm-chaser on Wall Street. As you might
imagine, she's been busy over the past couple of years.

The manager of the $21.2 million Gabelli Blue Chip Value Fund trolls the stock
market, hunting for battered shares of unloved companies where she sees reason
for their recovery in the next two or three years. Her fund's average holding
trades at less than 12 times its expected earnings over the next 12 months,
compared to more than 17 times for the average stock in the Standard & Poor's
500-Stock Index.

Ms. Marcin's bargain-hunting approach hasn't always worked to the fund's
advantage. Picks such as Lucent Technologies and Cendant lost 47% and 75%,
respectively, last year.

But investor confidence appears to be edging up, and many of her picks,
including those two, have followed suit. The fund's 11.9% gain this year beats
99% of the nation's large-cap value funds, according to Chicago researcher
Morningstar Inc. The fund's 10.6% annualized loss over the past three years
trails its peers but is ahead of the S&P 500 by 1.6 percentage points.

After three consecutive years of stock losses, where does Ms. Marcin see value
and where might there be value traps? Also, what's the state of Wall Street
research after the recent furor and what led her to AOL Time Warner? We got
some answers.

1. Many value managers have been buying fallen "growth" stocks. Are you?

That's not exactly true for me. When I look at a fallen growth name like Home
Depot, I don't see that it's really cheap. It's a decent company, but it won't
grow or be valued the way it used to. Look at General Electric which I always
thought was a highly priced company. Today, it's reasonably priced, but I
wouldn't say it's undervalued.

Barbara Marcin

I think the difference between "growth" and "value" labels isn't as important
today as it was in recent years. You can make the case for almost any company
being a value. Everything is on the radar, but I don't think you can say the
old growth names are any cheaper than the value names.

One of my largest holdings is Cendant [which earns most of its revenues from a
range of franchises including Century 21, Days Inn, and Jackson Hewitt Tax
Service]. I've owned the stock for a couple of years. The company had all the
problems it could possibly have priced into the stock over the past few years.
It has been in weak businesses like travel. It also has been pulling itself out
from the disastrous acquisition of the old CUC International in 1997, where
there was fraudulent accounting.

I own Hewlett-Packard in the fund. It's another typical value situation, where
the company is trying to regain credibility. H-P was a sleepy company and
Compaq was a company that had some problems. Their merger was highly contested
and Carly Fiorina really had to be a "show me" CEO. I think she's done that.
People are pleasantly surprised that the blueprint for the merger was so well
designed. As spending picks up, this company will benefit in terms of its
earnings. Today, the stock is benefiting from an increased [price-to-earnings]
multiple.

In the last six months, I've been investing in the utilities area. In a way, it
was the worst sector in the [stock-market and capital spending] bubble [of the
late 1990s] since it coincided with the industry's deregulation. They came to
the party in a big way, getting into energy trading and telecom. They borrowed
heavily, devaluing their steady, traditional utility business in the process.
Now they're selling assets, trying to cut their debt and get back to basics. A
lot of them are great utilities and their creditors are working with them.

It's a risky group, but I've invested in a number of companies that we think
will be survivors like El Paso, TXU, Allegheny Energy and FirstEnergy. For the
most part, they're paying dividends between 4% and 6%. So in many cases you're
getting paid something while you're waiting to see how things go.

2. Several value managers have bought shares of AOL Time Warner and Tyco
International. Both have credibility problems, but what made you buy the former
and skip the latter?

I do own AOL Time Warner, which was certainly a big growth-fund holding a few
years ago. We feel the old Time Warner assets are worth $18 to $20 a share in a
more normal economic environment or even just a healthier economic recovery.
The AOL business is a cash generator, and that's worth at least a couple of
dollars [per share]. The questions about management and the personalities there
have been well taken. It's a value today, but I think over the past six months
it has become clear that the company's management isn't highly thought of [on
Wall Street].

Tyco is a collection of businesses and, until a year or two ago, it was the
value manager's GE. It was a GE wanna-be. [Former CEO] Dennis Kozlowski would
always describe the business in those terms. For a while, it was considered an
attractive model where the sum of the parts is greater than the whole. But now
it seems like a collection of unrelated businesses that aren't managed that
well. The value of being a conglomerate in a whole bunch of different consumer
and cap equipment businesses has been discredited. I never liked that model.

There's no way anyone running the company can really understand all those
different businesses. You have no way of having a feel for what the numbers
are. That said, many value managers I respect a lot have liked the stock
lately. I can't see putting a higher multiple on the business over the next one
to three years. I'm probably wrong, but I think it would be worth more split up
and that won't happen.

3. Some say high-yielding tobacco stocks like Altria are a value trap. Do you
agree, and where do you see others?

Sometimes things change in an industry, and even though a company looks cheap,
it's a trap. One area where I see that is retail. No different from tech and
telecom, retail saw a tremendous amount of capacity built up in the 1990s with
new malls and stores. Then the Internet exploded, creating another say 30% more
stores. Whether you sell groceries or clothes, you need some pricing stability
or power [to grow profits] and that's slipped away. Wal-Mart has pricing power
and can be a success, but their expansion is ruining the business of selling
toys, books and movies. I think retail will be a bad business for a long time
to come.

Tobacco and Altria have been a value trap for years. Anything with that high a
yield [7.97% vs. 1.61% for the S&P 500], odds are it's a value trap. Value
investors look for companies with good cash flows and increasing multiples.
Tobacco companies do make a lot of money. But I think you're in for a long
period where people won't put a higher valuation on them. The states have built
up too much momentum with anti-smoking laws and litigation.

4. What's your take on the economy, corporate profit growth and stock
valuations?

The economy has been fine, but mediocre. We still have a very mediocre
recovery. The consumer has held up nicely, continuing to spend particularly on
things like autos and housing that lower interest rates have made so
attractive. To get the economy on firmer ground though, you need corporate
spending to start again. That just stopped three years ago and hasn't resumed.

Companies have been through a hard time and we had the war on top of it.
They're somewhat shell-shocked. The economy is waiting for corporate executives
to start spending again.

Profits are getting healthier and that's a reason for companies to resume
spending. The first quarter of this year was the fourth consecutive quarter of
year-over-year profit increases. In this year's earnings reports managements
say are seeing stabilization in their businesses, not deterioration. Also,
profits are OK despite modest sales because companies have been so under the
gun to cut costs. That's evidence that whenever we do get a little bit of a
pickup in spending and the economy, we'll see solid profits.

I think valuations are good, broadly. You have a broad range of sectors and
companies that are selling at 1997 levels, so, in some ways you've taken out
the entire bubble. Companies are selling at a moderate [price-to-earnings]
multiple on depressed earnings.

People say it's a stock-picker's market. I think it's more of a dart-thrower's
market.

5. Market bears would look at record consumer and corporate debt, valuations of
about 17 or 18, a plodding economy and say stocks are going nowhere. What would
be your response?

You need to remember that the stock market is anticipatory. People may be
forgetting that. The market usually goes up six to nine months before the
economy and profits prove why. A lot of people are sitting on the sidelines and
whenever that happens [equity] valuations come down. Next thing you know, the
stock market takes off. By the time everything starts to look better, the
market has already reacted. Right now, you don't see stunning improvements in
earnings and capital spending. But the stock market's recent gains are telling
you those things may be on the horizon.

6. What would you say to stock-phobic investors piling into bond funds and
principal-protection funds?

The past few years investing in the stock market feels like a futile thing to
investors. But the long-term returns of the stock market are about 10%. You
have to remind yourself of that. You're buying part of a company expecting it
to sell more products or services and make more money over time. It's always
been good to invest in the market after a bad bear market, and it's always been
best to invest when you really didn't feel comfortable doing so.

It's understandable if investors were wondering why they shouldn't just avoid
the whole thing. The bottom line is that it seemed easy to make money a few
years ago, but it wasn't a good time to invest. Now it's the opposite.

7. After the rocky past five years has your style evolved, and would you say
Wall Street research is getting more rigorous after all the furor over
conflicts of interest?

I don't think my style has really evolved much. I've learned something as an
investor that I should've known before -- that trends persist longer than you
think they will. I was early in some names over the past couple of years and
that really taught me that lesson. The way I look for cheap companies really
hasn't changed much.

As far as Wall Street research goes, I don't know that it ever made much sense
to pay any attention to anybody's buy, sell or hold recommendation. Analysts
don't know what you're trying to accomplish. They're also looking at one
industry. So, that doesn't help me much. That said, there were always bright
and capable people on Wall Street who did diligent work and could explain the
companies and industries really well.

I think Wall Street research is even more diligent. I think things will stay
that way for a few years. We only learn our lessons for about that long.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 11:21:59 AM
From:Dale Baker
Amazing that she admits her overall approach:

People say it's a stock-picker's market. I think it's more of a dart-thrower's
market.

Since the expense ratio in her fee is 1.75%, her fund has tracked the SP 500
the past three years despite being small enough to be nimble and do better.

Hard to see what added value she brings to investors.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 12:23:42 PM
From:sjemmeri
I'll bite. What would one see if one looked inside NETP office?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 1:31:25 PM
From:Paul Senior
Dale Baker. Morningstar agrees with you. Her fund is rated only one star.

I've not found her ideas on Rukeyser's Wall Street Week to be helpful to me.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 3:20:12 PM
From:Softechie
Just bare...
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 4:02:51 PM
From:jeffbas
Madharry, do you have any view on AWE?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 6:15:44 PM
From:gcrispin
For the record, I didn't post the interview as a endorsement for her fund, but
rather for some of her observations on "value" stocks. Since some of the
companies have been kicked around on this thread, I thought the interview would
be of interest. Actually, I agree with her comment that you needed to throw
darts in this market to make money. As far as her stock picks, I am unimpressed
though I do own CD and plan to continue to hold it.

The funds who did better than the SP 500 the last three years probably were
mostly in cash. That's just my guess as I don't buy "value" funds, but do look
to see what they own from time to time.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 6:21:42 PM
From:Dale Baker
Nothing directed at you, I was just amused that she has a $21 million fund,
invests only in large caps and can't beat the SP 500.

That makes her useless in my mind. She throws darts at the headline names in
the financial media while other small funds and investors beat the pants off
her.

But no one at the WSJ or Barrons or other big financial media will ever run a
headline story about that. It would be like the trial lawyers association
admitting that nuisance lawsuits cost the economy a lot of money. Not in their
interest to focus on that dimension.

I also noticed that her comments mirrored some picks on this thread. Probably
with the same results but I can't be sure since there doesn't seem to be any
way to pin down real results.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 9:09:39 PM
From:gcrispin
I know nothing about the fund, but maybe it is down to 21 million after three
years!. The only large cap fund that has done well in the last three years--at
least what comes to mind--is Oakmark. BTW, I think he is negative for 2003.

I did think that her comments about retail stocks were right on. No one talks
about the over capacity in the retail sector like they talk about tech. I don't
own any retail stocks, and I wouldn't own them even they were considered a
"value", because I think the consumer can't sustain the growth in the sector.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/10/2003 9:59:21 PM
From:Larry S.
Clipper fund is up 11.50% on average for the past 3 years. Oakmark Select is up
7% YTD. there are quite a few funds with decent 3 year performances in the
large cap value sector. 2002 was a b*tch though, and almost all funds (except
bear funds, bond funds, and gold funds) had negative returns for 2002. larry
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/11/2003 12:56:25 AM
From:sjemmeri
In the context of the investment theme for NETP, I think that would be
considered a good thing:

http://www.siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=18931623
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/11/2003 3:32:48 AM
From:Dale Baker
She has had almost four years to overcome her mediocrity without success:

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?d=c&c=&t=5y&s=gabbx&l=on&z=m&q=l&x=on&y=on&w=on

I agree on the retail sector, I am avoiding it completely. I am sure some
isolated pockets and companies will do well but it's just too risky overall.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/11/2003 7:31:11 AM
From:Marc Fortier
LVB -- For those who discussed Steinway last week there is an interesting
feature about this company in the New York Times. You can access it on the web:

http://www.nytimes.com/2003/05/11/nyregion/11PIAN.html
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/11/2003 11:32:24 AM
From:Marc Fortier
"This is the first part of a series of articles that will follow one concert
grand, No. K0862, as it is made at Steinway's factory in Astoria, Queens. The
second article will examine Steinway's plant, which dates to the 1870's, and
the extraordinary efforts required to manufacture pianos in New York City."
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/11/2003 11:53:18 AM
From:Madharry
Nope. I justed started looking at Baxter and it seems quite cheap. Does anyone
have an opinion on this one?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/12/2003 9:52:57 AM
From:Grommit
preferred --

I just did another review of preferred stocks last week. To reposition my
holdings.

I noticed that a lot of preferred stocks have had a run upwards. No doubt it's
because interest rates are now viewed as not going up for awhile.

I'm having trouble finding preferred stocks selling at a discount to redemption
value. Your FMT is at a discount, and the redemption date is past years ago, so
that one looks like it won't be redeemed. But if it does, you'd collect a small
premium. (FYI - I don't care for their sub prime lending business, but haven't
looked closely at the company).

One that is still a good discount is PKS preferred.
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=pks+pks_pb&d=0b

I think it was around $17-$18 when this was posted.
http://www.siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=18685678&s=pks

It's now at $20.7 But even at $20.7, the dividend yield is 8.7%, and it is
mandatory redeemable in 2009 at $25. If redeemed, that brings the yield up to
over 12%. I bought some more last week.

And I also bought HIW-d at a discount. Dividend yield 8.3%, but it may not be
redeemed. If it is, it will be a gain and not a loss, because of the discount.

Other stocks discussed here and at that link:
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=cei_pa+acas+hiw_pd&d=0b

regards,
grommit
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/12/2003 10:06:53 AM
From:Grommit
Spekulatius, on OSIS -

Have you had a chance to figure out the short thesis? I clicked around for a
few minutes and came up empty. I'm thinking of buying some more.

thanks,
Grommit
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/12/2003 10:29:43 AM
From:Dale Baker
I cashed my FMT preferred in the 23's and moved to the common shares after
their latest strong earnings report. Like you, I don't know of any other good
preferreds. The WMB_pi I own more or less tracks the common now and pays a nice
dividend. Seems to be trading around fair value vs. the common.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/12/2003 11:41:13 AM
From:Paul Senior
In transaction processing sector, I'll make a small speculative buy of Irish
company TTPA.

Company seems to have real products. They might be close to breakeven next
year. Stock's at $2.00. Per Yahoo, cash/sh. = $2.80 with only .01 d/e.

http://biz.yahoo.com/p/t/ttpa.html

Not much history. But if stock could retrace to only 50% of its previous high,
I'd be looking at a $200/sh stock, not a $2 one. Somebody sure had high
expectations for this company three years ago. -g-.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/12/2003 3:16:41 PM
From:Paul Senior
I'll add a bit to my small and losing position in concrete company, RMIX.

In its four year public history, the stock's been mostly on a downtrend:

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=RMIX&d=c&t=5y&l=on&z=b&q=l

Margins have deteriorated, and the company lost money last year. I hope at some
point restructuring charges, acquisition charges and impairment charges
dissipate, and the company returns to profitability. At some point the stock
should again trade at stated book value. (about $6 with the stock now at $3.80)

Concrete business is a very localized activity: Transportation costs prohibit
outside competitors from entering local markets. With some of these
concrete/cement companies, the land values they own eventually become a
valuable, hidden asset. I'm not saying that's so for RMIX though.

Paul Senior
Holding CX. Still have MLM and VMC on my watch list.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/13/2003 4:56:13 AM
From:Dale Baker
No mention of ACGL here the past six months; your November shares should be up
nicely.

ACGL blew away estimates last night with .78 EPS vs the .49 estimate even while
they added substantially to their loss reserves.

http://biz.yahoo.com/bw/030512/125841_1.html

I will continue to be a long-term holder in ACGL (now long since fall 2001).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/13/2003 10:02:43 AM
From:Spekulatius
OSIS -
I cannot really find any red flags in the cash flow statement or balance sheet
after a not so thorough investigation. I think the short case is that revenues
may be heading down when all the security systems are installed at the obvious
places (airports etc.) I also don't like with OSIS that besides security, OSIS
runs a hodgepodge of business (detector's electronics etc.) with some
connection to security, but also run products which seem to be losing money
now.
If you like OSIS you may also want to look at INVN, which had a higher growth
and may be better managed.

(No position yet)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/13/2003 10:14:42 AM
From:Grommit
concrete --

You tried to warn me away from LAF, when I talked it up awhile back. It's price
chart look a lot like your RMIX:
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=laf+rmix+nwpx&d=0b

BTW - I sold the last of my NWPX which we (I think you bought around the same
time as I did) bought on back in december 2000. This was a good one for me. I
sold some at great prices earlier and even today's sale had a nice ROI.

grommit
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/13/2003 10:38:16 AM
From:Paul Senior
ramble regarding insurance stocks: Yes, still holding ACGL.

There's not much discussion of past insurance picks here. There could be. Many
of the insurance stocks people have mentioned here have done pretty well over
the past few years. For example, IPCR which you also mentioned. For some
balance to the discussion, I could recall (but I prefer not to -g-) a least a
couple of insurance picks I made that subsequently went right down into
bankruptcy. Ouch. Ouch. OUCH!

I would say my biggest regret recently as regards insurance stocks is my
failure to add to positions in either or both of ABK or MBI when they were
around lows a few months ago.

We had a case of a short attack by an apparently dink hedge fund (whose
negative report on MBIA was subsequently revised after MBIA officials
complained of its "inaccuracies"). These two companies and stocks have been
talked about many times over the past few years here and on the Buffettology
thread. For me, it was a case where I owned the companies and had some
confidence (though not enough apparently) in their management and business, and
from discussions with others on the threads I knew where the good buying points
might be. I just did not have the courage to buy when those points showed.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=abk+mbi&d=t

Naturally, having regrets is part of buying and selling and of not buying and
not selling.

Of course though, one is still grateful for the blessings one does receive.

Paul S.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/13/2003 2:37:26 PM
From:Paul Senior
Adding to PTR today as it slides a bit.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=ptr&d=t

Warren Buffett's recent purchase sort of gives the imprimatur of safety to this
behemoth. (imo)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/13/2003 11:05:05 PM
From:Madharry
OT Millenium received a limited approval from the FDA for their drug Velcade.
What is interesting is that the approval came 2 months early. Smarter people
than I believe that this signals a shift in the FDA policy towards more timely
approval for treatment of life threatening diseases. Should be good for the
patient and also the drug companies!
Dont be surprised to see across the board movement tomorrow
in biotechs and pharma.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 10:28:28 AM
From:Spekulatius
With some of our investment's, we better watch the exchange rate of US$ versus
Euro a bit. Stocks with cost in Euro and Sales in US$ could suffer quite a bit
due to the 20%+ rise of the Euro against the $. NTZ and DCX come to my mind
amongst the stocks mentioned here. On the other side an exporter like BA who
has to compete against European Airbus will be in a much better position.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 11:15:57 AM
From:Paul Senior
Yes, I'd been considering that about DCX specifically. It might be a reason to
take profits and exit DCX now.

Do you (or anyone else here) have an opinion how exchange rates might or might
not affect the big Euro. pharmas?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 11:36:55 AM
From:Paul Senior
I'll take a little RHT here.

As of April 28, management was saying (per Dow Jones) that RHT "still expects
fiscal 2003 earnings growth of 18%, to $1.80 a share". On today's price of
about $12.60, that's about a p/e of 7. Very low imo for what I consider a
mid-size management consulting company (3000 employees, per Yahoo). P/sales
seems somewhat relatively low as well.

http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=rht&d=t

(In this Yahoo link there's a link to a recent positive write-up of RHT by
Motley Fool)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 1:16:22 PM
From:Wallace Rivers
Bought MYG at these levels.
Certainly not without its problems, but that's a good reason for it to be
trading where it is.
There is some vague takeover talk re: Electrolux, plus, I like the products it
produces.
Dividend yield about 3.5%. A good amount of insider buying slightly below these
levels.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 1:18:39 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
Personally, I would never consider exchange rate in my investments. I don't
have a clue - and I believe no one does - where the currency rates are going,
so any investment changes based on that IMHO are strictly currency
speculations.

There are two approaches to take for people who consider currency rates
unpredictable:
- Not to look at them
- Hedge against them

Since the second one is too expensive for me, I take the first one.

Jurgis
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 3:05:43 PM
From:jeffbas
Jurgis, I think you should not ignore them. For example, note comment #2 in the
post below, with respect to exchange rates and FARO (mentioned here by me
before) main European competitor Leica.

http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7086310&tid=faro&sid=708631
&mid=1342
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 3:15:04 PM
From:Dale Baker
I have a general question about dividends and common stocks that keeps nagging
at me.

You quoted MYG's yield at 3.5% today. But in recent months. MYG has traded from
32 to 18 (now 21.54). So the yield for a .72 dividend has been all over the
place from 4% to 2% and change.

How can anyone make a rational calculation about yield with unstable common
stock prices?

Seems irrelevant, but maybe I am missing something. If you buy and hold a bond
to maturity I can see where the daily price in the secondary market is not
important. But not a stock.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 3:53:27 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
Jeffrey,

OK, let's rephrase my claim:

"If a company A has competitors that compete on price with it and the price
difference between products of A and its competitors depends strongly on some
currency exchange rate, one should not invest in company A".

Let's disect it. First, if A does not have such competitors, we don't care.
Well, maybe we still care, since buyers may not buy A's products if it builds
its products in one currency zone and sells in another, but maybe not. There
are lot of complications here: most of companies don't manufacture everything
in one currency zone, most of them do not pay for components in one currency
zone, most of them hedge currency risks, most of them sell in multiple currency
zones, etc ad infinitum. Overall, NTZ is probably the closest one gets to "pure
example" of one currency zone company in terms of manufacturing (not selling).
BA and Aerobus may be another example. DCX, I think is totally nonexample,
since it has such wide geographic market and production distribution.

Second, we can't really buy A when price difference (and currency exchange
rate) is dropping and sell when the price difference is rising - this is just
currency speculation, we assume that the exchange rate will stay the same or
continue in the same direction in the future. Also it may be a short term move
and investing is long term (at least for me). This is what I claimed before. So
then we have to avoid A totally.

I still believe that most of companies are not in the situation of company A,
so I will continue to ignore currency exchange rates.

Take care

Jurgis - maybe we should avoid NTZ. :-)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 3:54:21 PM
From:Wallace Rivers
You quoted MYG's yield at 3.5% today.

I agree with everything you say in your post. All I'm saying is that is what a
purchase of MYG would yield at today's price.
I would add that MYG yield (were it to hold, and MYG's yield has either
increased or stayed the same for as far back as my array goes) does provide
support for the stock, as it represents competition to money market. I get a
mere 2.1% in money market yields, so I'm picking up 140 basis points holding
MYG shares. That was a factor in my investment decision; there are other yield
pigs out there, as well, IMHO that represents buying power.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 5:18:06 PM
From:Rock
Just as matter of detail on NTZ.

The "Americas" make up just under 50% of their sales. Also, they have a 2nd
brand called Italsofa that is made in China (I think). Italsofa makes up just
short of 20% of overall sales with Natuzzi brand covering the rest.

Sooooo... it seems reasonable to say that maybe 40% of their sales would be
disadvantaged by Euro appreciation vs the $. On the positive side, the
disadvantaged sales are for a premium brand that should, all things being
equal, have less price sensitivity than a discount brand.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 6:29:14 PM
From:jeffbas
"we can't really buy A when price difference (and currency exchange rate) is
dropping and sell when the price difference is rising - this is just currency
speculation, we assume that the exchange rate will stay the same or continue in
the same direction in the future"

Jurgis, I agree with that. However, that misses the point I made in the link I
referenced. BECAUSE OF PAST CURRENCY CHANGES, the company I referenced is in
much better competitive position and will be for some time to come REGARDLESS
OF WHAT THE CURRENCY DOES IN THE NEAR TERM. It is an important investment fact
to know that something has happened to make a company more competitive, whether
it is currency changes, better products, or whatever.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 7:41:12 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
Jeffrey,

I don't know your specific example, so I won't comment on it - you may be
totally right about it.

However, if competition is just on price and company can't sell product
"BECAUSE OF PAST CURRENCY CHANGES" (your emphasis, not mine), a company cannot
stay in a bad competitive position "REGARDLESS OF WHAT THE CURRENCY DOES IN THE
NEAR TERM". E.g. if dollar shot back to be 1.2 euros (or 3 euros or whatever),
NTZ would be in better position regarding its US sales (and, yes, Rock it does
sell in Europe and has Chinese production, but let's forget about it for now
:-)). You will say that such currency move is unlikely, but I will say that
this "unlikely" is just currency speculation you are doing.

OK, let's look at it yet another way. Let's replace "currency exchange" with
"interest rates". Should I look at interest rates when buying a company? Maybe.
Mostly I don't care unless they are getting extreme. E.g. at 10% interest
rates, it may be better to buy a 30 year bond. :-) So probably we can apply the
same rationale to "currency rates". Are they extreme now? Not very - they are
still within historical range. NTZ survived in 1998, so why should it fail in
2003?

http://biz.yahoo.com/rf/030514/markets_stocks_euro_1.html - and here the
journalists are saying that we should not even buy stocks that benefit from
currency exchange rate! Hey, so it seems that time to buy stocks is just never?

So I still think that most of the time currency exchange rates don't matter.
But you are welcome to consider them in your investment decisions.

Jurgis
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 11:15:04 PM
From:Paul Senior
Grommit, re: Concrete. NWPX.

Have not done as well as you with NWPX. Still holding most of my shares. Added
back some 2/20/03. Oops.

Still...

A major beneficiary if water transmission and distribution infrastructure gets
funds.

Stock's about $10.30

Stated book value: a steadily rising $19.42
d/e a reasonable (imo) .60
Liberty Acorn, Heartland Advisors have positions

For now, sales down, and losses reported. I'll try to hold on until '04 to see
if there's an improvement.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 11:43:11 PM
From:Paul Senior
LauA. Very nice move in your pick of OSTK. (Up way over 50% since May 1 from
$7-8 level you mentioned.)

I'm one who couldn't see it as a value stock. Seemed to me that other overstock
companies with national presence (bricks and mortar)could do similar. Also, the
claim to honesty, Byne the elder and son, is not a sufficient attraction for
me. Especially as the company is losing money. I see that the stock is owned by
many Motley Fool writers, so I'm suspicious they've generated interest more
than is warranted by the numbers.

All just my opinion. Obviously an opinion that's either wrong or irrelevant (or
both). Stock continues to be on a tear now. Congrats on a great pick.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/14/2003 11:52:12 PM
From:Spekulatius
Exchange rate fluctuations can have a large impact on earnings for companies
that operate
a) in a low margin business
b) have cost in one currency and revenues in another.

Both a) and b) is true for German car companies, even though DCX may be a bad
example because of its diversification. Still, DCX makes half its operating
profits from Mercedes, which sells half of its car in the America's. When you
do the numbers one can easily see +/-10% earnings fluctuation for the company
as a whole with a 20% US$ swing against the Euro.

As for European pharmaceutical companies, US$ swings tend to have very little
impact because the high margin makes the impact of margin compression less
severe and amazingly enough even imported pharmaceuticals have a high local
cost component (Sales and marketing cost are in local currencies and frequently
50%+ of the sales price).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/15/2003 1:33:03 PM
From:Jurgis Bekepuris
I recently sold EMC due to high valuation and sold JNY due to high executive
compensation, especially considering the recent trouble.

Jurgis - gonna go and buy more NTZ, nah, just joking. :-)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/15/2003 4:29:08 PM
From:Paul Senior
Averaging up a bit on my small LANC position today.

LANC merits discussed here several times over past years (esp. 2000).

Still some attraction for me now:

P/e of 12 is near low end of LANC historical p/e.
Record earnings expected
d/e = 0
Good (imo) ROE

Negatives too, of course:
Rev. not growing.
Conglomerate
Competitive businesses

http://yahoo.multexinvestor.com/StockOverview.aspx?country=US&ticker=LANC&conam
=LANCASTER+COLONY+CORP.&mxid=100089172&target=%2fstocks%2fquickinfo%2fstockover
iew&cotype=0&page=default
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/15/2003 6:03:26 PM
From:mikeslemmer
FYI: LVB just released their 10-Q.

I think the business still looks very attractive at this valuation (approx.
$13.5 per share). I checked for pension issues and don't see any red flags.
Mgmt expects relatively poor results this year as they move the
band-instruments business to Asia, but even with those problems they expect to
see earnings in the $0.85/share range. I believe the company's earning power is
up around $2.00-2.50.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/15/2003 8:54:30 PM
From:Grommit
No dividend taxes ?!?

The Senate voted Thursday to suspend taxes on stock dividends for three
years...The Senate bill still has to be merged with the House, ... [which]
voted to cut the maximum tax rates on both dividends and capital gains to 15
percent... "The effect of this amendment is to, in many cases, not only
eliminate double taxation of dividends but also eliminate single taxation of
dividends," Baucus said.

"yep", says I.

http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=512&ncid=716&e=1&u=/ap/20030515
ap_on_go_co/congress_taxes

.................

Here's an O.T. part:
Whatever they agree on, it will be a huge windfall to many wealthy people. My
retirement income is about to be granted a tax break. I doubt it, but it may
even become totally tax free. This is unbelievably unfair. And the republicans
have the nerve to call it a jobs bill. I'll donate some to greenpeace and
hopefully it will create some activist jobs.

........
Back to topic:

Now what does this do to REITs, and other high dividend stocks? They've been
doing well lately due to interest rate moving and staying low. But many
investors avoid them due to fears of a reversal in interest rates. Oh, who
knows what to do anymore?
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?d=c&c=&k=c1&t=1y&s=%5Erci&a=v&p=s&l=off&z=m&q=l&x=on
y=on&w=on

Obviously, this tax relief can only help the valuation of dividend paying
stocks. Not only will it help in the fundamental analysis of the value of a
dividend, but it will put a focus on the dividend paying corporations. But the
tax break should cause interest rates to go up, which will offset some of the
effect, I think.

Still, I think I need to load up even more with such companies. I don't know
why I posted this, excuse my rambling.

grommit

P.S. ACAS just announced their earnings for the qtr. They forecasted dividends
for the year at 2.79 to 2.87.
And according to this link -- Wachovia says:

We are comfortable with our dividend/share estimates of $2.80 for 2003 and
$3.20 for 2004. Our valuation range of $28-36 for ACAS shares over the next 12
months is fully supported by a dividend discount model. With a current dividend
yield of 11.8%, we see total return potential over the next 12 months of
36-72%.

http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7080674&tid=acas&sid=708067
&mid=19624
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/16/2003 1:51:00 AM
From:Larry S.
its nice to have the dividend cut, but what about those (us) with large capital
loss carryforwards. does that mean we can only offset at 15% instead of 20%?
larry
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/16/2003 2:53:30 AM
From:Dale Baker
The Beltway's Quiet Big Shots
D.C.'s Friedman Billings Ramsey is a REIT and a brokerage.
Oh--and its stock yields 12.5%.
http://www.fortune.com/fortune/investing/articles/0,15114,448630,00.html
Emmanuel Friedman and Eric Billings
they are now co-CEOs of the only real estate investment trust
(REIT) that operates a major brokerage? That they are cleaning up in the
underwriting
business at a time when most of the industry is suffering through a lean IPO
market? That
their newly refashioned company's stock has a 12.5% yield? And that noted value
manager
Bill Miller of Legg Mason recently bought shares? Are you paying attention now?
Good.
Because, frankly, Friedman and Billings are a little tired of being ignored.
And they're making
some bold moves that are worthy of attention.
First, there's the company restructuring. In late March, Friedman and Billings
completed the
merger of their investment bank, FBR, with the highly profitable REIT they
started in 1997,
FBR Asset Corporation. The new holding company, Friedman Billings Ramsey Group
(FBR, $11), has a market cap of $1.5 billion and total assets of $6.5 billion,
making it one of
the ten biggest independently owned investment banks. And it has assumed the
tax-exempt
status of the REIT, meaning that it must pay out 90% of its profits to
investors. Thus, the
outsized yield.
The hope is that the generous dividend combined with FBR's new market heft will
finally
attract some attention from Wall Street. Currently, it's not covered by any
major analysts and
rarely gets written about. That's ironic considering that, at a time when many
investment
banks have been trimming research staffs and fending off legal attacks,
Friedman Billings
Ramsey has been on a remarkable run of success. And the firm not only still
believes in
research, it's aggressively hiring new analysts. "The industry is in great
turmoil now, and
we're uniquely positioned to take advantage of it," says Friedman.
The firm's current success is all the more impressive considering that it has
only a 14-year
history. Friedman and Billings worked together at another D.C. bank, Johnston
Lemon & Co.,
before leaving to start FBR as an institutional brokerage, along with partner
Russ Ramsey, in
1989. They added investment banking in 1994. And it has built its business
courting
underserved small- and mid-cap companies. Its investment-banking group has a
compound
annual growth rate of 46% over the past four years.
Combine that with the company's steady business in mortgage-backed securities
and its
2003 P/E of just 7.4, and the stock is plenty attractive to investors like Mark
Patterson of NWQ
Investment Management, who became a shareholder because he owned the REIT. "I
don't
sacrifice my dividend, the risk is limited, and I get a growth aspect," says
Patterson. Now,
pay attention.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/16/2003 3:19:29 AM
From:LauA
Thank you Paul.

I confess that @7-8 I thought it was interesting. @12-14, I don't. I'm not sure
why it made this big move: a change in sentiment, not in the business. In any
case, I've sold most of my shares. At this point I'm playing with the 'house'
money.

IMHO there's a lot of froth in the 'net-tech stocks, and I've been selling. I
can't justify the current price of VCLK, and have liquidated my position.

To be candid, I've been selling stock in many sectors on a valuation basis. I'm
not finding anything to buy. I may have to just sit in cash for a while.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/16/2003 10:32:42 AM
From:David
EBSC FINALLY in play! Been waiting a long long time for this news. Anyone have
a guess what price take-out might be?

Net tangible book value is around $18 per share; Net current assets around $7+
per share.(via quick yahoo check on both figures). Normalized cash flow (this
is from memory) is around $30,000,000.

I believe the take-out should be somewhere between $7.00 to $18.00 per share.

http://biz.yahoo.com/djus/030516/0924000561_1.html

http://biz.yahoo.com/rf/030516/retail_elderbeerman_2.html

http://biz.yahoo.com/bw/030516/165184_1.html
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/16/2003 11:35:05 AM
From:Paul Senior
David. EBSC: I'll guess maybe $6.50 tops. Company offered a buyback of shares
between $4.50-$6.00 in 2000. So it wasn't worth it for the Co. to pay more than
$6, and that's when the economy was better and their business prospects were
too (imo). Of course, today we're talking about a control offer (vs. a passive
buyback), so that valuable and key aspect has to be reflected in the purchase
offer.

From the '02 proxy it looks like weighted avg. option/warrant/right exercise
price was about $6.345. Lot of options expired 12/'02 though. I don't know what
it would take for management and BOD (who also have options) to vote for a
deal. On the one hand they'd want something for themselves. OTOH, business
prospects going forward aren't that good, and buyers for the company seldom
come along (as we who hold EBSC shares well know -g-).

For now, I am just hoping there is a deal and that it's accepted by the BOD.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/16/2003 11:52:20 AM
From:David
I thought about the dutch auction too and thought maybe management bought back
the shares at an undervalued price so the buy-back might not relate to the
ultimate sale price. (Seems management's buy-back decision would only be
rational if shares were purchased at below value.)

Your're right about forward looking prospects in this type of retail. These old
klunker department stores seem not long for the world terribly much longer.

I believe that new CEO, Byron Bergen, came from Belk's, an old Southern
department store chain. Maybe he scouted out EBSC for Belks.

I wonder too how the cash flow might factor into the ultimate sale price. The
'normalized' cash flow seems to have remained strong throughout this difficult
retail environment and as I recall EBSC retired a lot of debt over the past
several years.

Just some thoughts.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/16/2003 2:12:20 PM
From:Grommit
EBSC - congrats to all you patient holders. It will be interesting to see the
outcome -- to see if it's valued more on cash flow or assets. Someone might
just try to cherry-pick certain assets, or buy stores in a certain geographical
area. If no bidders appear for the whole schebang, I wonder if they carry on,
or sell of some pieces.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 1:56:44 PM
From:Paul Senior
I'm intending to build up my oil/gas e&p stocks. To that end I started to buy a
little PXP. Adding a little now. This is a Dale Baker pick and also mentioned
by several others on SI who follow the sector.

Perhaps I'm late, too late, to the party in this sector. Still, long term
prospects seem favorable to me (Bwdik. I'm a greenhorn novice.) There's a
positive write-up of PXP on PXP's home page.

http://www.plainsxp.com/

To protect myself against specfic company risk, I'll attempt to find and
diversify among several small companies in the sector.

Paul Senior
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 2:31:22 PM
From:TimbaBear
David

Thanks for bringing EBSC to the board and congratulations on your patience in
holding it!

I believe the take-out should be somewhere between $7.00 to $18.00 per share.

From my estimates of their cash flow, I think that your range is probably a
pretty good assessment. I'm guessing close to $10.00/share.

It should make a nice return from current pricing, and the cash flow gives me
my margin of safety in the event an acquisition deal cannot be worked out.

I'm in today. Initially I'm in for the potential pop if a fair deal is
announced, but I could be in for a much longer term either if a deal does not
materialize (because I like the cash flow), or if the buyer is interesting
(because I like their recognition of value).

Good Call!

Timba
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 2:47:31 PM
From:David
Timba: thanks, but I cannot share any credit with brining this one to the board
as all credit is due James Clarke. He introduced this one several years ago.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 3:39:59 PM
From:jeffbas
I suspect that many of us got out on the $5 Dutch tender offer 3(?) years ago.
I am a bit suspicious of a $10 price. I don't think the market would discount
such a price by more than 50%, after this announcement, if it was thought at
all likely - although my recollection is that at the time of the Dutch tender
they looked into selling the company and got no takers (so maybe a big discount
is reasonable).
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 5:10:23 PM
From:David
I agree and I am expecting the worse.

I would think EBSC would go for greater than $5.00 or $6.00 per share but
prepared for lower -- what a disappointment that would be.

I bought some more shares today at $4.50 for a quick arb play.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 5:52:41 PM
From:Madharry
Perhaps you would like to explain the business to me a little. I seem to not
understand the process of recognizing and then de-recognizing proven reserves.
Is there a conventional yardstick here? One company i invested in seemed to
have a tremendous record at finding wells then went bankruupt after driilling
37 consecutive dry wells or some such number. Somehow it seems to much like
these mining companies where only a small percentage of investors win but most
of the insiders make out like bandits.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 7:13:19 PM
From:Paul Senior
Sorry, that is beyond my ken. Hence, another reason for my wanting
diversification.

I strongly suspect all these oil guys are drillers. They get money, they drill.
And they keep doing this until the money runs out and they can't get more. jmo.
So this has has to be watched out for by investors.

While I don't know how proven reserves are calculated or adjusted, I assume
(but have no factual support) that for these small e&p firms, if/when reserves
are adjusted downward for any reason, this might be reflected quickly in the
stock price.

I'm not sure how long I might be in these small stocks; I'm only concerned how
reserve life affects other investors' current behavior, and I'm otherwise
indifferent to any specific business risk that a company might have because
their proven reserves are up or down (e.g. dropping to 11 years from 12). I
only care that other investors might care that one company is a very much
better buy because it has 14 years of reserves say, vs. a similar company that
has 10 years of reserves.

I am betting at this point, if there is a gas shortage that's being recognized
investors will continue to bid up the price of all these companies. (I hope.)

(And there's lots more going on here too. Hedging commitments, for example.
Again, another difficult factor for a novice to scope out. And again, I'll bet
if the tide continues to rise, a small, diversified grouping of these stocks
will float okay.)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/19/2003 9:35:24 PM
From:249443
Oil & Gas, Exploration:

I am a strong supporter of ECA, SU, IMO. In addition, PBR has been a good hold
recently due to political reasons.

I would add to TRP on a 15-20% pullback.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/20/2003 12:03:51 AM
From:Spekulatius
<< I strongly suspect all these oil guys are drillers. They get money, they
drill. >>
That is absolutely correct. The problem with most drillers is that they acquire
assets when they are the most expensive in absolute terms, then if prices
should fall they have to struggle to keep afloat with high debt loads. The
successful one are the ones
a) making risky but profitable bets on exploration (Anardarko, Talisman)
b) Playing the leverage game anticyclical (Apache)

Reserves with a short lifetime are like a leveraged gamble on short-medium term
prices. if prices stay high for a couple of years the high cash flow (relative
to value) makes owning these reserves very profitable - of prices tumble and
the owner is not hedged enough the lower cash flow does not pay for debt
service and depletion amortization and be the time the crude prices the
properties may be depleted already. This is why a E&P play with short lived
assets is more risky than with a longer reserve lifetime.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/20/2003 9:56:17 AM
From:Bob Rudd
Blew out both CCRN & MRN: 5/20/03 7:46AM Cross Country DOWNGRADED at Smith
Barney; target $9.50 (CCRN) 13.12: Smith Barney downgrades TO UNDERPERFORM from
In-Line based on CONTINUED WEAKNESS IN DEMAND FOR TRAVEL AND PER DIEM NURSES,
WHICH FIRM BELIEVES MAY WORSEN IN COMING QTRS due to a RENEWED FOCUS BY
HOSPITALS ON THIS LINE-ITEM EXPENSE; cuts target to $9.50 from $12.50.
...I have no real solid handle on what's happening at hospitals, but it's
credible that they are under a substantial cost squeeze, that they would push
hard against what appears to be high labor cost, that this trend could worsen.
Analyst credability on issues like this is asymmetrical...they have access to
data on hospital activity that I don't; Their bull calls I view with greater
suspicion than the negative calls since the former is subject to incentive
tailwinds where the latter is subject to incentive headwinds.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:5/21/2003 4:25:22 PM
From:Paul Senior
Starting a small position in LDL.

http://biz.yahoo.com/p/l/ldl.html

Looks to me they are continuing in efforts to improve their business
performance. (And always failing--- ROE has been lousy in the last five years.)

The company's profitable, the stock's near multiyear lows and it sells at a
comparatively low p/bk (compared to previous years), and there's not too much
debt (d/e = .2).

If management could deliver on what the one analyst (who has a strong buy on
the stock, according to Yahoo) says they might do, this $8.60 stock will once
again trade higher (imo and I hope).

Paul Senior
Revision-to-mean stock. Every year since '94 this stock at some point has
traded above $12/sh.
%EOM----------------------

