%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 9:38:00 AM
From:Madharry

Thanks Paul- when it went down to 15. I actually had an order to buy more at
$14. I decided that was the place to load the boat up. Apparently the CEO did a
fine job on CNBC this morning. People are saying the stock will gap up to 31 at
the open so you have a few more dollars in your pocket.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 7:04:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

Raised 30% cash in one day today. Sold Tidewater, Fair Isaac, Tricon Global,
Washington Mutual, Apple, Pacificare. All still undervalued in one way or
another, but in this case I'm just raising cash. Don't like the way a lot of
stocks are acting out there. Today 5-year support on Fair Isaac was broken on a
downgrade. Looking at a lot of cheap stocks, but seeing a lot of the cheap get
cheaper. Anything tied to the economy has been held back for a year or two now,
and a lot of them are finally starting to crumble. Looking for a retest of last
October's lows - a lot of stocks are nearly there.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 7:18:00 PM
From:Madharry

Maybe you are right Mike. a lot of stocks I thought would be well supported
just dropped right through, others I though would move strongly have not. I
have a suspicion though that some of this is game playing. This is the last day
of the month and perhaps market makers etc. are taking things down and buying
them cheap in order to sell them at higher prices to the regular folks
returning after labor day.

I noticed that all the electronic game stocks I looked at had positive days.
THQI in particular. The discount brokers and Nite were all hammered badly, as
were most of the internets.

SWS is almost looking like a value play again, and is about where it was in
April. I'm not a market timer so I will be waiting for sell signals on the
specific stocks that I own, some of which I will probably ignore as usual.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 8:59:00 PM
From:Shane M

Mike, RE: FIC

It's starting to get very interesting for me here. FIC is one I've been eyeing
for a long time as a Buffett type stock, and I told myself to hold off given 1)
the CEO resignation several months ago, and 2) the remarks I've seen in many
places that banks in particular are going into the deep freeze for Y2k concerns
and won't be implementing much in Q3 and Q4. But it's starting to look very
interesting now. Technically (OK I admit it I look at the chart occassionaly)
FIC is busted and I won't buy a falling knife here, but should a base develop -
I'm in. I'm already at 38% cash and should've been at higher % had I listened
and sold my CHB like jeffrey bash recommended, and like you did.

Shane
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 10:37:00 PM
From:TwoBear

USU: Interesting News

http://www.siliconinvestor.com/readmsg.aspx?msgid=11111210

Scott
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 11:00:00 PM
From:Bob Rudd

Paul: Manu Housing into retail - One other issue that argues for not owning or
acquiring existing dealers is disintermediation effects of the net. There's a
lot of small and mid-size players that may have been choked out of the dealer
network that may go to the net. The lower cost will force the rest that way.
These dealers are gonna be Dell'd [Direct with no local presence], Gateway'd
[Direct with small local showroom], and Amazon'd [Multi-product virtual
intermediary, possibly complimented with regional contract showrooms]. Not
tomorrow, but soon because price and cost is key driver and build to order
model would send returns way up by reducing the large inventory cost in the
overall system.
bob
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 11:24:00 PM
From:Bob Rudd

Jeffrey: SEHI - I presume this was mentioned as a miner's canary, looking at
the cashflow statement, it may be about to fall off the perch.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/30/1999 11:38:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

FIC has a good ways to fall now. Think you're smart waiting.

I must say that everything I've been tracking or buying as a "Buffett-like"
stock hasn't performed at all well the last few years. The ones that have done
well have fallen back significantly given enough time. I'd think maybe I'm not
looking at the right kind of Buffett stocks, but even his stocks are not
tearing up the charts the last few years.

All that money being sucked into internets and tech is coming from somewhere,
and my gut tells me it's coming from a lot of former investors in solid,
money-making non-tech sectors. Look at the S&P 500 ex-technology and it's done
nothing this year. Might even be down. The Dow has been helped tremendously by
IBM.

Fair Isaac I bought in the 34's, watched it shoot to 44+. There was a point
when it fell the day before earnings. Volume shot up in the middle of the day
and it cratered a couple points. I called my wife (she's in IR and has access
to a lot of stuff I don't) and screamed "what the hell's happening?" The worst
feeling I've had about a stock all year. She pointed out some CBS story about a
Senate hearing on what goes into credit scores. I said, "no way." Didn't know
the earnings date though. If I had I would have sold, as it was obvious
something had leaked. So I did finally sell, 18 points lower.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 12:34:00 AM
From:James Clarke

Mike, welcome to cash land. As you know, I kind of did the same thing about
three weeks ago, shorting a bunch of stuff against my portfolio. Those shorts
just broke back above water for me in a big way today, with the internets and
Citigroup getting hammered. All its going to take is a few more days like today
to make that move worth my while. In my mother's accounts, I have raised about
15% more cash in the last two weeks. Last week looking at new highs in the
market after the rate hike, I just could not believe what I was seeing. I still
maintain what I said a month ago when I started shorting. I consider it highly
likely that something bad is about to happen, and if it happens it will happen
before the end of the year. Probably before the end of October. If you are ever
going to market time, you've got to be thinking about it now.

If you haven't read Greenspan's Friday speech yet in its entirety, go find it
on the Federal Reserve web site. It is a keeper, and parts of it are just
chilling if you keep in mind how careful he is with words. Read between the
lines, and there is no doubt what he is saying.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 1:23:00 AM
From:Madharry

Perhaps we will have to change the name of this thread to Value
investing/market timing. I am hopeful that the market will one more leg to it
myself. Also would question any tightening until we know a little more about
Russia and Japan.

On a more value oriented note, Jim, what is going on with the USU? S&P
published a downgrade citing the need to replace infrastructure( in the next 10
years?) and competitive pricing, two factors I was completely in the dark
about. Can you elucidate or translate the S&P fears for us?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 8:59:00 AM
From:James Clarke

USU - The last two quarterly reports must have highlighted the weak pricing for
SWU. That is no big secret. The S+P concern about the Russian contract is more
interesting to me. This is a fixed price contract which looked like moderately
profitable at the time it was negotiated. With the decline in SWU pricing, the
contract has become a real albatross for USEC. If it is going to be
renegotiated, keep your eyes open in December because that is when it will
happen.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 10:04:00 AM
From:Madharry

I just sold most of my IDTC. My rationale being as follows: 1. Market looks
bad. 2. stock does not look good technically to me. 3. concerns about the
company's business model in light of increasing competition.
Too much of a crap shoot for me at this point.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 11:05:00 AM
From:Daniel Chisholm

My response, over on the USU thread: #reply-11116152

- Daniel
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 5:13:00 PM
From:Pendretti

Paul, here my answer to you with regards to HDWY.

Yes, I am a portfolio manager but I was talking about my private portfolio.
HDWY is my biggest holding in my US portfolio. Not for my clients of course,
because they are in the large cap names. This is only for my private account.

This company is growing very fast. They have clients like Merrill Lynch in
their books.

It is easy to say that there is trouble with coordination and all that stuff,
but they have shown what they can do and they are a niche player. The CEO is a
winner and makes this company what it is.

My personal feeling is that they are talking to other companies, maybe to get
acquired. Just my personal feeling. It is so long quiet around this company.

I am trading this stock, bought my last position last week at 4 5/8.

The downside risk is minimal. What needs to happen is that the company gets in
the picture again, grows further, get a bigger market cap and get analysts
recommendations.

Even if it takes a while, let's suppose the company gets further on the current
track, I am sure the stock price will be at USD 10 in two years, that is a 100%
return in 2 years. Not bad, is it.

BTW, look at HAIN, quite some activity in the september calls. Nice article in
the Investor's Daily.

Ttyl.

Rene.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 5:21:00 PM
From:Daniel Chisholm

Hi Wayne, a question for you on Sbarro's (SBA).

In an announcement today, http://biz.yahoo.com/rf/990831/3w.html there was this
in the footnote:

Results... include... termination of the original proposed acquisition by
members of the Sbarro family of all shares of the company not owned by them.

And yet very recently, on 13 Aug, there was this:

http://biz.yahoo.com/rf/990813/ye.html

...the Sbarro family will acquire all the shares in the company they do not
already own for $28.85 a share...

Sbarro said it must secure adequate financing and continue the suspension of
dividends for the deal to finalize, it said.

So my question is, whuzzup?

- Daniel
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 6:27:00 PM
From:Freedom Fighter

Daniel,

I sold my shares (27 15/16 I think) the day the vote was successful a couple of
weeks ago so I stopped reading the news. Last I saw was that the family was
successful in its bid at $28.85. All that remains as far as I know is coming to
market for the financing to close the deal. I have no timetable on that. I left
the crumbs on the table because I felt the family did everything possible to
screw the shareholders and it wouldn't surprise me if they took their time some
more. I made money on the investment, but less than I was expecting because the
deal took longer than I thought to get done. Considering I didn't have any
better ideas, I'm not too upset. The money would have been sitting in teasury
bills otherwise.

Wayne
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:8/31/1999 8:44:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Prendretti (re: HDWY, HAIN, SZA): I defer to your expert knowledge of HDWY. My
opinion nevertheless is - it's a temp. employee/headhunter firm which
specializes in financial employees. The downside, which you say is minimal,
might be minimal. But if the economy - the US economy-- is hurt, I think the
demand, world-wide demand, for financial people will be affected. There's
plenty of risk with HDWY in my opinion. Although it very well may be an
excellent value stock at current prices.

HAIN, ha! It's hard for me to look at it now at 26 1/2 when I thought about
buying it as a value stock in 1995 or 1996 when it was about $2.
:>(

I don't have access to IBD and its favorable report on HAIN, but as I look at
HAIN numbers from Yahoo, I see it selling now at 3x book value, 2x sales,
current pe close to 40, June '00 earnings estimated at slightly under $1. ('00
pe would be about 27 or 28x). Doesn't look much like a value stock to me. But
again, I defer to your detailed review and opinion or to anyone else on the
thread who has really looked at HAIN.

(Aside: Pendretti, I mean no attack on you or your selections. So many stocks
are mentioned on this thread, that for me-- unless I can immediately see a
compelling/intriguing reason to look further-- or unless the stock's value
numbers - price/sales, price/book, price/cash flow, enterprise value/revenue,
or other numbers fall into something I'm comfortable with-- or somebody else
confirms that the stock should be looked at, I just move on to some other
possibility. One such possibility in the US food business might be Suiza Foods
(SZA) They are a consolidator of milk dairies. They've grown into a substantial
force, although, as discussed here about the problems with consolidator
companies , they too may face overexpansion, overpaying, miscalculations, and
debt (lots of debt) Still, with a price to book of 1.6, a p/sales of .34 a pe
of 11, and trading down from its highs-- to me SZA is more interesting as value
stock than HAIN.)
(note: I have no position in SZA. But I do prefer milk to the taste of some of
those HAIN soups -g-)

Paul Senior
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 1:22:00 AM
From:Shane M

Mike,

I'm having alot more luck with my tech stocks and special situations than in my
errant efforts to pursue Buffett. (I'd probably be disgusted with investing
were it not for several purchases in technology that have turned out well.) In
recognition of this problem I've kept my Buffet style bets small until I am
able to identify where I'm missing things. It's almost like a company with
_Buffettology_ chararacteristics that is cheap enough to pass on a valuation
basis has some bad momentum/bad news leaking out - but not yet fully priced
into the stock. It seems best (at least in this environment) to let the thing
blow up and swoop in more as a contrarian. I'm learning to be deliberate with
my Buffett picks and to wait ... wait ... wait for a price. I don't know if
this waiting will pay off, but it can't be much worse than buying these stocks
in a downtrend.

I thought I'd missed FIC, and thought you'd nailed it at a perfect price when
it started back up. Problem for me now, however, is that I'll have to have the
courage to jump in at some point - which is much more difficult when a stock is
heading down. Don't give up on credit scoring though. My company finds that
credit is a solid rating factor for auto/home insurance, and some of the new
rating plans I'm seeing come out are structuring rating tiers to give a
discount for clean credit. If all of the insurers start going to this way - and
if the states allow this kind of scoring for insurance - there's gonna be a lot
of new potential customers outside of the banking segment.

Shane
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 1:49:00 AM
From:James Clarke

Dan, I am going to respond to your USEC questions on the value thread. Call it
a one-year checkup of a stock I advocated hard last July. (newcomers will find
an informative discussion of this stock on the Value thread mid-July 1998 that
will get you up to speed.) Dan's questions are good ones, and while I wouldn't
call this an unmitigated disaster (I purchased it at the IPO price of $14 1/4,
and it is around 11 now. I have collected about $1 of dividends in the last
year. I've seen worse, but clearly I am disappointed so far. At around $11,
with a dividend of $1.10 and free cash flow of $1.80 this is one that value
investors may want to take another look at. The story has deteriorated in that
last year, no question about it. But its major elements are intact. And the
price is 25% lower.

The questions below in the <<...>>'s are Dan's from the USEC thread.

*******
Good questions. Bottom line - I have not sold a share of stock from my original
purchase. Probably the best way to address your questions is point by point.

<<I don't understand. I thought that the Russian contract ("Megatons to
Megawatts") was more of a public service obligation that USEC had to perform;
they made some small amount money on it, but on strictly commercial terms they
would probably not have taken on the business. I though I recall it being
previously stated that if they were to lose the Russian contract, they would be
better off for it.

Since the Russian processing contract is fixed price, where is the damage to
USEC being done? Or is it fixed price in the sense that USEC agreed to pay the
Russians a fixed price for the feedstock, a price that now looks to be quite
high?>>

Essentially USEC contracted with the U.S. and Russian governments to buy large
quantities of enriched uranium from Russia and resell them to their customers.
This allows USEC to control a potentially destabilizing quantity of supply. The
price they pay (they are basically a middleman) is not related to the price
they can sell it for in the free market (the risk is obvious). That price has
been falling. It is still profitable because USEC's contracts are very long
term and well above market, but there is no way they would agree to these
prices today. They are trying to renegotiate this deal and make it a cost-plus
kind of contract. No guarantee they can get out of the contract. Look for
something to happen here by year end.

<<I really don't care about quarterly volatility or timing of shipments, what
I'd like to know is whether the original story is intact. The original story
being, of course, that they are a profitable company engaged in a business that
has natural barriers to entry and whose services will continue to be required
for a good long time, in addition to them possessing significant non-operating
assets (inventories) that can be liquidated over the course of 5-7 years, as
well as recent earnings figures being artificially understated due to
nonrecurring R&D (AVLIS) expenses.>>

As you describe it there, the original story is intact. The company produced
about $180 million of free cash flow after interest payments and capital
expenditures (before dividends) in the last 12 months. And that's with about
$60 million after tax of AVLIS development expenses that are going to go away.
That on a market cap of $1.1 billion today. On top of that, they have about $5
a share in uranium inventories on the side which they will gradually liquidate
into cash. The company is buying back shares aggressively.

<<So is USEC still a rich cash cow with generous liquidateable (?? ;-)
nonoperating assets, or is it an ugly commodity processor competing with
pseudogovernmental non-profit-driven entities (French and Russian)?>>

Here I'd have to say its both. When I bought this stock a year ago at 14 1/4 I
thought I was looking at much more of the former than the latter, but I have to
admit my perception has shifted more toward what you call "ugly commodity..."
This is not a paper stock though. It is much more interesting - both on the
upside and the downside simply because of what the product is. Enriched uranium
is nasty stuff and it is not hard to produce a scary bear case here.

Bottom line one-year check-up. I was wrong on the stability of pricing in the
business and thus underestimated the risks. I also underestimated just how
uncomfortable it can be to own such a strange and dangerous looking business.
The question "who is going to pay up for this stock" is one that has to be
asked. The "bad news flow" has been like water torture - one thing after
another. But the reason I bought it stands - and now looks even more compelling
at the lower valuation. I don't think you will find another stock on the market
with a free cash flow yield north of 15% and hidden assets making up 40% of the
stock price. At the current price, the stock yields over 10%, and I would be
shocked if that were cut in the foreseeable future (say 2 years). I watch this
one carefully, but have no intention of selling given what I know at this point
in time. I may have even talked myself into buying a few more shares tomorrow.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 1:50:00 AM
From:Michael Burry

"It's almost like a company with _Buffettology_ chararacteristics that is cheap
enough to pass on a valuation
basis has some bad momentum/bad news leaking out - but not yet fully priced
into the stock. "

Shane, my thoughts exactly. My feeling is that the market has already figured
out Buffett's ways. They've been analyzed to death. And the obvious Buffett
companies have been accorded to the proper valuation. It will be difficult for
Buffett, indeed...But then, it is this multiple expansion in Buffett companies
that got him his return to date.

Being contrarian above all else has been my number one most successful
principle. The second principle is knowing when to fold on a contrarian play.
The third is not being afraid of tech stocks.

That said, I bought Waste Management finally today, at 5/16 above its yearly
lows. Looking heavily at the retailers (got started with Ross, but also ANF,
BEBE). This time of year, it's a gut check. When to buy, when to sell in the
context of looming tax sales. Thinking of buying Old Republic (ORI), an insurer
with a PE of 6 and a nice balance sheet, 3+% dividend. Got any insight there,
Shane? And no, not giving up on FIC. Just waiting for it to stabilize. That was
some absolutely huge support it broke through, and there's really no guessing
where it will find its next base. Congrats on waiting.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 7:32:00 AM
From:valueminded

Michael:

A few thoughts fwiw. Bought into ORI about 1 week ago at about levels its at
now. Con: bad time in business cycle (but I feel that is reflected in stock
price), and some insider selling although at higher levels than currently
trading at. Pro's are: 3% relatively safe yield, good balance sheet, price less
than book & no debt. Trades at the low end of the P/S, P/B, P/E for this line
of businesses and is considered a possible takeover candidate although you
can't take that to the bank.

Not to say it can't go lower, but I started testing the waters here and will
get very aggressive if it drops to the 10-12 range.

In terms of retailers, you may want to put JCP on the watch list. Deducting out
the Eckerd subsidary and what it should get in a spinoff means you get the
business on the cheap.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 10:55:00 AM
From:Michael Burry

I was on call last night and got quite a bit of time to review ORI. Bought an
initial average-sized position this am at 15 5/16. The high for the day so far.
The biggest con I see is a potential downturn in real estate, but geez hasn't
every homebuilder, S&L and title insurance company worth its salt been beaten
up to reflect this? ORI seems like it just would have a private market value
higher than its public one. Bigger con is it really doesn't have a base. I'm
breaking a rule there; we'll see if I pay for it. Usually I do, and then chock
it up to "it's cheaper than an MBA."

Retailers: I'm loading up. This is one of those sectors that meets my
"potential exuberance criteria." It is easy to envision a marked increase in
multiples in addition to earnings growth. Got Ross Stores last week. Got Bebe
(i know, i know). JCP's on my list.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 7:45:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

re: TOY, FTL, FIC ORI

Adding to my position in Toys-R-Us. Stock dropping below book value, and psr is
at a relative low. May take a year or two for management to get themselves
together. I've been in and out of this stock since '95, and I think I might be
able to once again hold on to this one for the recovery.

Fruit of the Loom. Looks pretty despised on Wall Street. Stock is now below
book value and selling at a low (imo) psr. Price itself is at a multiyear low.
Another one which might take a year or so to work out. But as long as people
wear underwear, I've still got a chance. Adding to my losing position.

Fair Isaac. Starting an initial position today. Attractive multiple (imo) given
past growth rate.

Old Republic (ORI). Pretty easy to spot this one since it's on the new lows
list almost every day. I'm still thinking about it. Company has been around a
long time. Book value steadily increasing, and as mentioned, stock now below
book. Nice low pe. Negatives for me are sluggish management (according to
Yahoo), and, I suspect, an investor concern about their exposure to severe
hurricane season we seem to be having.

fwiw. Paul Senior
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 9:25:00 PM
From:Madharry

OT You are all going to laugh at me for this one and it isn't a value play but
I would suggest to you that I believe with almost certainty that ICGE will be
higher on 9/30/99 than it is today. My rationale for this has nothing to do
with the intrinsic value of the stock but here goes:

The stock is a recent IPO which is very difficult to short. It has the
appearance of being a blue chip internet stock and for many a one decision
stock. It has soared since its IPO at 12 closing today at over $80. I can't see
anyone having the guts to short this one and I can't see any institutions who
own selling it before 10/31/99. They surely want to show it on their 9/30/99
balance sheet and they surely don't want to hit investors with a huge tax bill.
On the other hand many funds who do not own it probably will buy stakes in it
prior to 9/30 /99 for window dressing purposes.

I am not suggesting that anyone purchase this stock but I am interested in your
comments.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 10:59:00 PM
From:James Clarke

In fear vs. greed terms, that's greed talking IMO. But in this market, greed is
what works. I always find that as soon as I start getting tempted to play
"their game", three months later I look back and see I would have top ticked
the stock. Just a thought.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 11:01:00 PM
From:Shane M

Mike,

I don't know Old Republic, but if they're property/casualty insurer I'd say be
careful. I encourage anyone who's looking into P&C insurers to check out what
State Farm is doing to defend marketshare. IMHO, it's going to very tough on
all players, and I don't think the Street fully recognizes the increasing level
of competition. State Farm has lost market share for the past two years to
players like Progressive and Geico, and it looks like they're committed to
"pain" in the marketplace to defend their turf and to give competitors pause.
Rate decreases by State Farm are coming out of the woodworks, and I don't think
much of it is due to improved loss performance.

Shane

%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 11:02:00 PM
From:Madharry

That's good info Shane thanks.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 11:27:00 PM
From:James Clarke

As long as we're making garbage insurance picks, mine is Reliance. Haven't
bought it yet, but I think the price is about right. $8 or 9 of book value,
they've taken a big writedown already, and it trades at 4 3/4. It seems to be
hanging in there at this price after a panic selloff. Maybe everybody who was
going to sell already has. Any thoughts? What's stopping me from buying it? 30%
of my portfolio is already in insurance between Ambac and Berkshire.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 11:51:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

I don't think the Street fully recognizes the increasing level of competition

Judging from the crushed stock prices of these stocks, I'd say that's a scary
thought if by now it isn't already reflected. Old Republic is fairly
diversified, but the stock hasn't formed a base, which indicates you may be
right.

I exited Waste Management as it made a new low today. I'd do the same with Old
Republic.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/1/1999 11:57:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

ICGE: Your record for being in these stocks when they pop (pop up that is)is,
in my opinion, excellent. ICGE is worth a shot for someone who wants some very
good action and the potential for some quick profits. That's me.
Unfortunately...

1. I seem to be selling too low and buying too high when I am in some of the
same stocks you are. Might be helpful to others here if you could post a little
sooner. Like about 2 weeks ago when the stock was at 40 (half of today's
price). Wouldn't do me much good probably, since I'd be to scared at 40, 80, or
160 (price two weeks from today given continuation of pattern).

2. Once again it's an employee thing with me. 45 employees and their website
says they help all kinds of companies in a bunch of different ways. That, I
don't believe is possible. Although they've got all kinds of internet partners
and investments. Which makes them hard to evaluate but a great dream stock. But
yikes... 45 employees and a $10 Billion dollar market cap.

3. I keep forgetting my little rule: Don't buy any company where the number of
SI posts is a bunch greater than the number of people who actually are employed
by the company. (SI posts: 405.)

I'm still sticking with LPGL which I've mentioned I think once before when it
was LPGLY. An insurance company selling below book value, paying a 4% dividend
yield, with a large amount of money invested in a number of silicon value
start-up companies. It should be safer, although perhaps less profitable an
investment, than ICGE. In this market, and given your past successes, I'm not
about to laugh at your choice. Maybe just a little grin though -g-. Paul.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 1:28:00 AM
From:James Clarke

I'll tell you, Mike, I know some pretty astute insurance analysts who thought
"all the bad news is discounted" 25% above these levels. Be careful. If you are
going to buy a stock with a chart like ORI with the intention of selling it if
it reaches a new low I would simply ask why buy it to begin with? Sure, like
Waste Management you can keep your loss to a point or so, but I would much
rather build some conviction as to what the stock is worth, buy at a
substantial discount to that, and then wait for the market to recognize the
value. If I can't get conviction on the value (like Waste Management) there are
plenty of other stocks to buy. If Waste Management goes to 30, fine, that's
somebody else's gain - I did the work and concluded that the financials are so
messed up they are of no use to me, and I am not going to buy a stock off a
chart when the financials and size of the company two years ago bear no
resemblance to the company I would be buying today (remember, Waste Management
was not the surviving entity of the merger). I leave this one to speculators
and to those few who really understand this business.

I would focus my energy on McKesson if I were looking for bombed out stocks
that are actually analyzable, if that's a word.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 2:02:00 AM
From:Michael Burry

If you are going to buy a stock with a chart like ORI with the intention of
selling it if it reaches a new low I would simply ask why buy it to begin with?

I think I admitted it was breaking a rule a few posts ago. Hey, if it can hold
another few days, my dividend will pay for the trade.

but I would much rather build some conviction as to what the stock is worth,
buy at a substantial discount to that, and then wait for the market to
recognize the value. 

That's the noble way to do it. ORI is worth more than now, IMO. The
SVP/Secretary/General Counsel thinks it's worth more than 18. But then
Deswell's been worth more than 20 for years. And General Cigar is now trading
at an enterprise value:next year's earnings of about 3 with no debt. I've seen
ORI even out at this level a little bit. Fundamentally, there should be some
support here. If not, I'm out less than a few percent. On a less cynical note,
if the fall is due to an all-out slugfest for market share, we should see some
major consolidation pretty soon.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 5:07:00 AM
From:Carey Thompson

I have been lurking on this thread for years. Now is the time to check in with
my thoughts and research on property and casualty insurers (since I am on
vacation with alot of time on my hands).

I have owned 20th Century Insurance Company for years, and can attest from 1st
hand experience, even the "good girls get locked up when the police raid the
whorehouse". TW is profitable, has good mgmt, consistently has a combined ratio
under 100, and is a cherry being picked by American International. Yet its down
from 30 to 19 over the last year, reflecting the unpopularity of P & C
insurers. I believe ORI is suffering the fate.

For an a well reasoned view of the P & C insurers read the August 9, 1999
Barrons article included below:

Casualty insurers, their rebound cut short, are poised for another try

BY ANDREW BARY

After a revival of investor interest in property/casualty insurance stocks in
April and early May, the group has been slammed by a round of disappointing
second-quarter profit reports that have cast fresh doubts on whether the
long-awaited industry recovery is under way. Prominent insurers such as
Allstate, Chubb and Progressive all pulled down weaker-than-expected
second-quarter earnings, as did lesser-known companies like Safeco, Mercury
General, Reliance Group Holdings and Ace Ltd. As a result, the stocks are down
10% - 50% and more from their highs in early May, when hopes were rising that
the pricing in a broad range of commercial insurance policies was poised to
turn up after a decade of decline.

Chubb has fallen to 60 from 75; Progressive is down to 122 from 149; Safeco has
dropped to 36 from 45, and Allstate is down to 35 from 40 1/2 . The share price
of Reliance, controlled by financier Saul Steinberg, has been cut in half,
falling to 4 3/4 from 10, including a 1 1/4-point decline last week after the
company reported a larger-than-expected $330 million pre-tax addition to its
reserves. Most property/casualty insurance stocks have declined in 1999, save
for industry leader American International Group, which continues to excel.
AIG, at 86, is up around 11% in 1999.

The big casualty last week was UnumProvident. The company, formed from the
recent merger of two large disability insurers, plunged 11 3/4 to 40 after it
reported disappointing operating results and disclosed unanticipated
merger-related costs.

Not even Berkshire Hathaway, the longtime investor favorite controlled by
Warren Buffett, has been immune to the pressure. Berkshire's Class A shares
fell $4,100 a share to $63,700 last week, leaving them well below their March
high of $81,000. The main concern: Berkshire's giant operations, especially
General Re, which Berkshire purchased for $16 billion in late 1998, are
suffering from weak industry trends. Berkshire's second-quarter profits, due to
be reported this week, are expected to fall from year-earlier levels.

Critics say the poor recent performance of the property -- insurance stocks
following a subpar 1998 -- demonstrates that meaningful improvement will be
slow in coming to an industry awash in surplus capital. The second-quarter
profit shortfalls reflected a host of factors, including losses related to
Midwest tornadoes and a freak hailstorm in Sydney, Australia; greater losses in
the auto sector; a rocky bond market, and a tough pricing environment in most
types of insurance.

Yet some argue that many of the stocks are bargains, including some that trade
around book value. "People may have to be patient, but I think the time is now
to buy," says Archie MacAllaster, chairman of MacAllaster Pitfield Mackay in
New York and a Barron's Roundtable member. "My feeling is that for the first
time in nine or 10 years, these companies won't be as intense about protecting
market share and will start to raise prices."

"If you look at history, any time you can buy companies under book, you've made
money in due course," he says. MacAllaster, a longtime insurance industry
investor, points to Safeco and Old Republic International.

Safeco, which fell 2 3/16 to 35 7/8 last week, has a book value of nearly $38 a
share. At 16 1/4, Old Republic changes hands below its book value of $17.67 and
fetches eight times projected 1999 profits. Safeco provides auto, homeowners'
and commercial insurance as well as investment-management services. Old
Republic is involved in commercial insurance and runs the fifth-largest
title-insurance company in the country.

Berkshire daunts many investors because of its high share price and dependence
on the 68-year-old Buffett. These factors, however, shouldn't deter investors,
argues Peter Russ, analyst at Fairholme Capital, a Short Hills, New Jersey,
money manager. He says Berkshire could hit $100,000 a share in the next few
years. The stock now trades for 1.7 times its book value of $38,000,
considerably below American International Group, which changes hands at over 4
times book.

Russ admits that Berkshire may be "stuck in neutral" for the time being, but he
says it has always paid to buy Berkshire whenever its stock has dipped.
Berkshire does face a couple of issues. The company's investment portfolio is
having a rare down year because of declines in Coca-Cola, Gillette and Freddie
Mac, three of its four largest holdings. Geico, Berkshire's auto-insurance
unit, is sacrificing current profitability in a breakneck expansion effort.
Geico had no operating earnings in the first quarter, compared with $61 million
a year earlier. And Berkshire's purchase of the giant reinsurer General Re,
widely regarded last year as a coup for Buffett, has proven rocky so far, even
raising questions as to whether General Re's management hid problems from
Buffett. General Re took a $275 million loss provision for a
workers-compensation-insurance pool last year, and it booked an underwriting
loss of $136 million in the first quarter. Moreover, General Re's big bond
portfolio has suffered at the hands of rising interest rates this year.

A California Pick

Russ believes Geico's "pedal-to-the-metal" growth strategy of the past three
years will abate, allowing the company's operating profits to improve. A direct
seller of auto insurance, it has spent heavily to expand its market share.
Management, Russ notes, is critical in insurance because of the obvious risks,
and Berkshire's team is among the best in the industry. Berkshire now gets
around 70% of its revenues from insurance.

Russ also is partial to Mercury General, a low-cost California auto-insurance
specialist whose shares have lost half their value since early 1998 because
competition in the Golden State has cut into the company's profits. Mercury
fell 2 3/8 to 31 15/16 last week, ending just above its 52-week low of 31 7/8 .

"Mercury is gaining share in California and slowly building a multi-state
platform," Russ says. George Joseph, Mercury's 77-year-old founder, chairman
and dominant shareholder, is viewed as one of the shrewdest operators in the
auto-insurance business. Russ' view: Mercury could double in the next few
years.

Weston Hicks, the insurance analyst at J.P. Morgan, likes Ace, a Bermuda
reinsurer that paid $3.5 billion for Cigna's property/casualty business last
month, and Mutual Risk, a fast-growing alternative provider that generates much
of its profits from fee income. Among other activities, Mutual Risk helps
companies arrange self-insurance programs. It takes relatively little
underwriting risk.

"Both Ace and Mutual Risk are ridiculously undervalued," Hicks maintains. Ace,
which finished last week at 23, about 15% above its book value, trades for
around nine times projected 2000 profits. Ace could hit 40 in the next 12
months, Hicks asserts. The company, however, isn't without risk, given the task
of integrating the large Cigna operations.

Mutual Risk, which fell 3 3/4 to 26 last week, is off 35% from 40 in early May.
It now trades at 16 times projected 1999 profits. That's a relatively high P/E
for a property/casualty insurer. But Mutual Risk has a profit record of 19%
annual growth in the past five years, something few insurers can match. The
company last week reported a 17% rise in second-quarter operating net, to 42
cents a share. Hicks says the stock could reach 50 in the next year.

PartnerRe, the fifth-largest reinsurance specialist in the world, appeals to
John Keefe, analyst at Ferris Baker Watts, who says the Bermuda-based company
has diversified from catastrophe protection to a broader array of coverage,
including aviation, crop protection and surety reinsurance. Keefe commends the
company's management, noting that PartnerRe elected not to participate in the
ill-fated Unicover workers-compensation pool that stung General Re and other
insurers. At 36, it now trades for 110% of its book value and at just over 10
times projected 1999 profits. It is 20% owned by Swiss Re, the giant Swiss
reinsurer. Keefe acknowledges that the reinsurance market is still tough, but
he sees at least one hopeful sign: The so-called retrocessional market, where
reinsurers get reinsurance, has been drying up, forcing up the price of
coverage.

Keefe is betting that troubled Reliance will be a survivor. Its shares now
trade for half their book value of $9.14 apiece. Keefe is encouraged that the
company said last week it's willing to give up $300 million in premium revenues
from unprofitable business.

Reliance still faces some major challenges, especially if its bond rating is
cut. Standard & Poor's last week threatened to downgrade the company's credit,
saying that senior debt could fall to junk status. A downgrade would hurt
Reliance's access to the credit markets.

Many investors won't touch Reliance because they're uncomfortable with
Steinberg, a former corporate raider who took Reliance public in 1986 at $10 a
share, double its current level. One investor noted that Reliance officials
told Wall Street in the past year that its reserves were adequate -- only to
then announce that it would add significantly to those reserves in June.

Some investors are tempted by CNA Financial, a longtime underperformer that now
trades at 35, just 70% of book value. CNA last week reported another tough
quarter, with operating profits down 30% to 23 cents a share amid continued
restructuring charges. One positive sign: Loews, which controls 85% of CNA,
bought more stock in July at around $38 a share. The value-oriented Tisch
family runs Loews.

Copyright &#169; 1999 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 9:37:00 AM
From:Madharry

Paul I am sorry I don't mean to mislead I bought this stock at far less than 40
and am not suggesting it for purchase now. I just wanted to know if there was
some big hole in my rationale. A lot of sharp people participate on this
thread.

As far as Reliance goes I think this stock has looked attractive to me off and
on for about 20 years, but my recollection is that investors have not done real
well with this stock and one has to wonder why given that being in insurance
business should be a no-brainer for making money.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 10:20:00 AM
From:Madharry

I think is LPGL Is significantly undervalued and a great long term investment
as is COmcast which I purchased a couple of days ago. HOwever with LPGL you are
stuck with an offshore company which will stay undervalued until it is
acquired, or perhaps even taken private, which will probably not be in the best
interests of its shareholders.
I prefer comcast because I think ultimately the industry will consolidate
and/or COmcast will spin-off its internet holdings, which are significant and
growing. Meanwhile I figure Comcast is worth around $70 a share, and I have not
been able to poke any holes in its long term prospects.

BTW NITE is on sale now for a variety of reasons and I believe that it will
yield a spectacular profit over the next 18 months. I suspect that today is the
last day of the sale. Unfortunately I purchased it just before the sale and
can't get a store credit for the difference.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 10:24:00 AM
From:Wallace Rivers

Armin:
on the same note as NITE, SWS may be attractive at these levels. Has a good
sized equity ownership of NITE - trades at a (relatively!!)modest multiple,
well managed outfit IMHO. Have no current position in either stock.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 10:31:00 AM
From:Ron Bower

Just took a position in CMDC. Would be interested in comments.

Funds have been selling out of it driving price down. Has gotten to BV, 6+PE
with 30+% sustainable growth. Can't tell if the funds know something or are
getting it off their list. It's created a buying opportunity or there's
something I can't find.

Ron

%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 10:36:00 AM
From:Madharry

I agree about sws to some extent and looked at it somewhat. In fact I am
thinking of switching some of my account over so I can participate in IPOs. The
difference that I see between SWS and Nite is that SWS is on of many on-line
brokers, which is just a commodity business for the most part, but NITE seems
to have terrific management and seems to be unique in the field that it
operates in- so i see it as having much more of a monopolistic position which I
like. Also SWS may have or may in the future sell all or part of their NITE
stake to fuel their expansion. I believe that NITE has gone down subsequent to
the expiry of the lock-up period because many of the OLBs have liquidate some
or all of their positions in order to fund their expansion and realize some
profits.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 10:46:00 AM
From:Madharry

Geez Ron this is a very complicated company. I took a quick look and there seem
to be some concerns about the relation between carematrix and Chancellor, which
I guess owns the real estate and facilities, so some say you really need to
look at both and determine whether what the correct economic rent is that
carematrix should pay to keep chancellor alive. If you have researched all of
this in detail let me have it and I'll tell you what I think.

Other issues are to what extent is there medicare. medicaid reimbursment and
how are those number gonna change in the future.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 1:41:00 PM
From:Ron Bower

Armin,

Thanks for the response;

As near as I can determine:
Carematrix doesn't pay rent, they work off of a base management fee plus a
share of the profits. (They do invest in the development costs as part of
getting the contract for management.) Chancellor existing units are financed,
but they may have trouble generating new money to continue growth. Part of CMDC
income is from a 'development fee' on new facilities. They've indicated a
possible decline the development fee income in the next two Qs if Chancellor
cannot find the funds, but I think that's already in the price decline.

They were hit by a Medicaid change this past year. The management contract
requires facility owners to bear most all of the costs from a change on
government regulations and it has minimal effect on CMDC's income. Most of
their units are for middle/upper income and not Medicaid. I believe they
contract clients for a monthly fee as long as they have money, then they're
transferred to Medicaid facilities when the assets are gone.

I've not fully researched, but it appeared the price was about to move so I
jumped. The funds are selling, but there's plenty of buyers at this level - I
have to believe it's other funds buying in. The price has been steadily falling
and it's getting near fund report time. Some had a lot of exposure and I think
they've been averaging dwon from the 30 level before they put their reports
together. They don't want to report a company that's gone from 30-8.

They may not meet analysts projections, but there's not much downside at this
price.

JMHO,
Ron
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 2:30:00 PM
From:Madharry

My gut feeling on this one is that if I were gonna invest I would wait until
December. Until then I could forsee more tax-selling, but good luck with it.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 4:02:00 PM
From:Ron Bower

Wallace,

I've had a position in SWS for over three years. Regretably I sold most of what
I had too early when it ran up (typical). I've been watching with intentions of
adding if it gets to 30, more if lower.

Excellent company. IMO there's a strong chance they will soon have a merger
-bank or insurance. For sure they will continue making acquisitions.

FWIW,
Ron
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/2/1999 4:05:00 PM
From:Ron Bower

Armin,

I'm glad I jumped when I did - my last look had me up over 7.5% since my buy
this morning.

THanks for looking at it,
Ron
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 12:43:00 AM
From:James Clarke

LKI, JSTN (a new one)
Lazare Kaplan (LKI) - I think 100 share have traded in the last two days. I am
starting to see reports about "Millenium diamond" sales taking off in Japan.
This could be big news for DeBeers and Lazare. I hear that Lazare is buying its
own shares at this level, providing some support. Now looks like a very good
entry point if you were interested before. The stock is once again below
net-net value, with a number of catalysts possibly ready to fire. If the bull
case on Lazare is going to happen it will happen in the next three months. I
will not own this stock in six months if the catalysts don't fire, but I don't
think there is much downside from here given the net-net valuation. As for
upside, I think the bull case target price is well into the 20s.

Another stock you might want to take a look at is Justin (JSTN). A sleepy Texas
company - they are the most profitable brick producer in the country, and they
have the top brands of cowboy boots. (yawn...) Cowboy boots have been
unprofitable for the last few years after a big Garth Brooks run, but the brick
business has been shooting the lights out. And its not just the housing cycle -
these guys are really really good at making bricks, and they are even better at
selling bricks. But of course the risk in the stock is the homebuilding cycle.

Take the $70 million of EBITDA for the brick business, and apply the multiple
that other (arguably inferior) brick businesses have sold for in the last year
- 6.5-7 times. 25 million shares outstanding. Subtract the debt of 60 million.
I get about $16.50 a share.

There is also a boot business that is the undisputed leader in its market.
About $160 million in sales. Currently unprofitable, but they are just starting
a very interesting turnaround plan. Lets lowball this. Call it 1/3 of sales.
That's about $55 million, or another $2 a share. (The CFO tells me they could
liquidate the assets of this business for $3 a share.)

Here is one I should have posted two weeks ago, but I was conflicted (i.e. my
firm was buying). It has run up to 15 which may not provide an adequate margin
of safety to a very conservative buyer. The CEO was in New York the other day
meeting with investors - apparently they liked what they heard. The stock is
going up.

Recognize a few other things that the CEO is probably telling these investors.
I really lowballed the boot business at $2 a share. If their turnaround works
(their plan makes a lot of sense IMO), its worth a lot more than that. And
second there has been a major change in management (Mr. Justin retired and the
old CEO of Tandy took command - he can sell this story to Wall Street.) And one
more thing. The company is planning to split in two as soon as they get the
boot business going.

Weird company, but one I would do my homework on now to buy on a pullback to
$14. The pictures in the annual report are funny - its worth ordering just to
see the stupid pictures - but after you finish laughing look at the numbers.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 1:48:00 AM
From:Shane M

Armin,

What is your take on the level of competition in the market making business
NITE is in? It seems that almost every other week a new competitor comes
aboard, many of them ECNs. While I like NITE and would like to jump aboard, I
can also see a plausible case where margins collapse. NITE downplays alot of
the competition saying that NITE makes their money on the more illiquid stocks
that need a market maker, but I can't help but think someone will devise a very
efficient trading system (similar to the ECNs) to cut out alot of the bid/ask
spread that is NITE's bread and butter.

Thanks for any comments.

Shane
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 1:58:00 AM
From:Madharry

I am far from being an expert on this but from what I have read it sounds like
the ECNs will have to have a market maker for each stock as back up anyway, and
the likely choice for many will be NITE. Mean while NITE will be expanding in
to option and into Europe. Merill is entering the online business and IPO s
keep coming out. I just think this is an unusual opportunity to buy a terrific
growing company at a relatively reasonable price, and I am willing to accept
the risk that they may not meet analyst estimates because of the summer
downturn, most of which if not all is already in the price.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 2:30:00 AM
From:Shane M

Judging from the crushed stock prices of these stocks, I'd say that's a scary
thought if by now it isn't already reflected

Mike, my view is that after several years of laissez fair (sp?), State Farm -
the sleeping giant - is gearing up for a marketshare war. They have the capital
to make things ugly for quite a while. Maybe the analysts see this tidal wave
coming, but I don't get that feeling. I think in the past week or two that
maybe the light is starting to go on, but alot of them wont get it until the
next several quarters of earnings in the industry come in soft. When State Farm
puts on the full court press I can see all opponents making turnovers.

Batten down the hatches, it's going to be a rough ride.

FWIW, Shane
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 3:16:00 AM
From:Paul Senior

Shane, heck it's already a rough ride out there in insurance land. I see my
life companies down, annuity providers down, auto insurance stock down, P&C
down, title-down, reinsurance-down, bond insurer- down, speciality
insurers-down. And I'm talking stocks down to 12 month lows for most of them.
Stocks with decent dividends, low pe's and good price/book values. Of course,
without earnings, these stocks could be heading toward multiyear lows. Paul
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 9:52:00 AM
From:Madharry

Looks like a VERY bullish September based on todays reports- no fears of fed
moves to tighten anymore in 1999.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 4:21:00 PM
From:cfimx

archie mcallaster, the insurance stock maven who gets interviewed in Barron's
twice a year, must feel like the proverbial 'sex starved man in a whorehouse."
When you here doom and gloom after what, as you pointed out, we've ALREADY been
through, it's time to buy. Now is the time.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 5:08:00 PM
From:Allen Furlan

Mike, Paul or any others interested in arbitrage. Pioneer Hibred (phb) has
announced record date for shareholder vote but stock continues to sit at 39 for
a 40 buyout. Final proxy not yet approved but investor relations sounds
optimistic for an early October vote. I am truly puzzled by the one dollar gap
and would appreciate any insight. Stock even dropped below 39 this past week.
With dd owning 20% of the stock I wonder what the arbitrage experts perceive to
be the risk?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 6:26:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Allen: re PHB. Looks like the shareholder meeting to approve will be Oct. 1. My
take is that the deal is almost a certainty. But the $40 component is where the
risk is, or where people's hesitancy is to step up to capture the $1 gap.
Because it's not an all cash deal.

"Pioneer shareholders may elect to receive the $40 in cash or in shares of
DuPont common stock based on the average trading price of DuPont common stock
over a 10-trading day period ending shortly before the date of the special
meeting of Pioneer shareholders that we will hold to approve the merger. Only
45 percent of the aggregate consideration paid by DuPont will be in the form of
cash and the remaining 55 percent will be in the form of DuPont common
stock. If, in the aggregate, Pioneer shareholders choose to receive cash for
more than 45 percent of the total number of shares of Pioneer common stock
outstanding..." you get a prorated cash amount. Similarly if there's too much
demand for stock-- you get a ratio'd stock/cash amount. So even if you are very
clear on what you want (stock, cash or combo), you still may not get it. JMO.
Paul
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/3/1999 8:53:00 PM
From:Investor2

OK all of you value guys, what about NWL?? What a beating it took today!

Best wishes,

I2
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/1999 12:24:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

From a value investor's perspective, there is a very good, depressing story in
the September SmartMoney re: the ex-chief at Lindner who evidently value
invested his way out of a job. One vignette has him working out on the
treadmill, watching CNBC, and just praying for the market to crash and show him
right. But then it did crash in late 98, and he lost more than the indices. And
then it recovered, and his funds didn't move. Maybe he was just preternaturally
inflexible and that was the reason. But tell me that some of us can't put
ourselves in his shoes and feel what he was feeling.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/1999 9:36:00 PM
From:jeffbas

I sure do!

If you have not owned Internet stocks or the top 50 market cap stocks and just
equalled the performance of the remainder, you have underperformed. I see it as
an insoluble issue as a major correction in those large cap stocks in
particular will almost certainly and has (last Fall) dragged down the rest
more.

I myself have resigned myself to this. However, I have to sleep nights and buy
what I am comfortable with, even if it means I am handicapping myself versus
the performance of averages which include these ridiculous ones.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/4/1999 11:09:00 PM
From:James Clarke

Imagine if you were working for a value investment firm determined to maintain
its discipline, where clients are benchmarking you against the S+P on a
quarterly basis. Looking just at the situation I am familiar with, but I hear
it applies to almost any traditional value investor, clients fire you. When a
client fires you, your stocks get sold. So you end up being among the largest
sellers of your more illiquid holdings, which just drives the price down more,
leading to more redemptions. It is brutal.

You try to explain to a client that if you ever wanted to do value investing,
now is the time to hire us, not fire us. Value investors are firm believers in
regression to the mean, and if that idea has any merit, those few disciplined
value investors left are due for one hell of a five year rally relative to the
S+P. But the client is looking at four or five years of underperformance which
has been getting worse and worse. In April, just a day or two before cyclicals
took off, I posted something on a similar note that marked the bottom for value
investing maybe. The way I felt then was the way any institutional value
investor felt - absolute desperation - if this goes on one more quarter we're
out of business. The run in April bought us some time - we were well ahead of
the S+P for the year - but its starting to get ugly again.

I am still very very concerned about the next couple months. I have never been
more concerned within a short-term horizon. I am tempted to buy some stocks,
and have been recommending a bunch institutionally (we have to be invested no
matter what), but I am telling myself to wait until at least the end of October
to see what happens. My strategy here is to stay net short (I only have about
40 cents short for every dollar long, but the things I am short are so much
more leveraged to the market than the things that I am long that I am finding I
like down days - so I guess that means I'm net short.) for the time being, and
try to save up some cash just in case a big opportunity (i.e. Dow 8000) arises
in October. I'll revisit this strategy on a major market correction or early
November, whichever comes first.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/5/1999 1:29:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

And yet another story on the downfall of value investing (Schafer Value) in
Barron's this weekend.

I'm wondering how many value investors saw their portfolios jump the 3% the
indices did Friday. Mine were only up about 1-1.75%, and looking at just my
portfolios I would have thought it was an average market up day. But then I
look at my "tech stocks" watch list and it's like, "what's going on here?"

I'd say the cyclicals turning provided a boost to value investors (myself
included), but that there really has not been any other identifiable shift into
value stocks per se. And if the Lazare Kaplans of the world did rally, they are
now back to ground zero.

Technically, there are a lot of stocks in no-man's land. They've broken through
to new lows, and if they've retraced up at all it's only back to near their old
lows. Some call this a "bull trap." And I've never seen it in so many stocks
(unfortunately a lot of them are in purported current value sectors).

That said, I firmly believe value will indeed out. I took positions in General
Cigar, Maxwell Shoe, and Lazare Kaplan yesterday.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/5/1999 6:58:00 PM
From:jeffbas

"Value will indeed out"

I rather doubt it, at least not in this market cycle. Although I will not
change my (underperforming) strategy generally I have changed it in one detail.
I will only buy value stocks that are leaders in their business. I will no
longer buy a second tier company (in an industry) that carries a low valuation
unless I can clearly identify a reason why someone might want to buy that
specific company -- the focus of the revision in my strategy.

My reasoning is that I want to own value companies that some large company
might want to buy (the leaders in their niche) and not be stuck relying on a
turn in market sentiment that might never come. This way, if the market
sentiment turns I do well and if it does not I might still do OK if some of my
holdings get bought.

An example is COO, which is the leader in one of the two growing segments of
the contact lens market, Toric lenses. It has had low valuations until recently
and I know the company would be an interesting acquisition for 3 larger
companies in its industry.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/5/1999 9:00:00 PM
From:James Clarke

I'm looking at General Cigar on Mike's recommendation and one even Mike may
have given up on, Champion Enterprises. Probably would have a hard time buying
it because I already own so much Clayton. But I am looking for a recommendation
in the manufactured home sector for my firm - it will be either Clayton or
Champion. Both look pretty attractive.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/5/1999 9:03:00 PM
From:James Clarke

Jeff, I try to buy the leaders too, but I find the buyouts are the #4 and #5
players in the industries. I don't buy #1 players in their industries looking
for takeouts.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/6/1999 12:20:00 AM
From:Q.

In 1999 the market has been moving up only for large stocks. If your value
stocks are smaller, they are underperforming with all the other small caps.

The dicotomy in the market, large cap vs. small, is easily seen in comparing
the NYSE composite vs. the NYSE advance-decline line:
http://www.decisionpoint.com/DailyCharts/ADCurrent.html
The two tracked well in 1997 and early 1998, but thereafter the small caps have
taken a beating.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/6/1999 1:48:00 AM
From:Michael Burry

Re: LKI

Jim, reports of "Millenium diamond" sales taking off? From who and from where?
Lazare buying its own shares? But it just had to borrow more money as it
violated certain non-critical cash flow covenants.
And it is no longer a net net by my calculation: net net at 8.01 thanks to the
increased borrowing.

But I agree. If the story is going to happen, it will happen soon. As for the
downside, I disagree. If they can't turn around cash flow, and continue to
borrow, well...

I think the question neither of us has answered is "How will this company every
grow profit as the middleman for a near-monopoly?"

I'm buying in, but with a short trigger. Any further bad news (or new lows) and
I'm out.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/6/1999 1:53:00 AM
From:Michael Burry

Jim, haven't given up on Champion. I've got a watch list of all my sells and
keep track of them. But I won't buy Champion unless I see some insider buying
and some chart stabilization. Didn't the CEO at one point sit across from you
and tell you things were rosy when the stock was in the $20's? Weren't there
some press releases to the effect of "comfortable with estimates." Hey, I'm not
interviewing CEOs in person, so what can I do but listen to the scuttlebut from
those I trust, right? But either the CEO was oblivious or he was lying. Neither
option appeals.
Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/6/1999 5:50:00 PM
From:Allen Furlan

Paul, re phb. Barrons said Oct 1, but as of last week there was no SEC approval
of proxy. Even so the dip to about 38 1/2 last week surprised me. Also the Oct
35 puts had bid of 5/8 on Monday and Tuesday(now 1/2). Not logical.
For those interested in sza, the 8/20 list of 20 companies with greatest net
selling by mutual funds(ibd monthly feature) showed sza as 14 net sells.
For usec followers the Monday Washington Post Business magazine had two page
feature. Rather neutral with negative being the competition from UNRENCO, a
Brit/Dutch/German consortium. Would appreciate comments on this one by anyone
with opinions on the safety of the dividend. I have on watch list if below 10.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 12:24:00 PM
From:Terrapin

Thread RE: APCC

I have been watching this one but missed the nice gains of a few months ago.
While I do not view it to be particularly undervalued at this point it appears
to be financially healthy and reasonably well managed. I was surprised recently
to see that they had passed a poison pill despite the lack of any obvious
hostile suitor. So my first question is specific: did I miss something with
APCC that would trigger the BoD to do this?

My second question is more broad: how does one evaluate this type of move in a
company? I have seen it before in 'special situations' companies that run into
trouble and become entrenched. Has anyone run across it in a company that is
perceived to be healthy?

Any comments appreciated,
Terrapin

ps: I tried to post this over the weekend but it never showed so I apologize in
advance if it shows up later :)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 1:51:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Hello, Twister! re: insurance stocks. "Now is the time to buy."

I've been reviewing some of the insurance stocks which I own with a view to
increase my positions. I've got a pretty full complement of insurance stocks -
several different varieties - and so I'm reluctant to add even more at this
time. My opinion is that the insurance business is not supposed to be exciting
(if it's done right), and for investors in insurance stocks, it's tough to hold
for gains. But profitable. (Sometimes.)

I'd like to mention a few insurance stocks which I've put on my watch list:

Allstate (ALL): Just by its mere size. I almost stepped up at higher price, but
someone on the thread dissuaded me. (Thank you)

Safeco (SAFC): Big, and with a nice mutual fund business. Generally, imo, a
bargain when selling below book value (which it is now). For anyone who's
wanted to take a position in the company, now might be the time.

St. Paul (SPC): up from its lows, so perhaps not as attractive as some others.

Pxre (PXT): well below book value. This one's been mentioned a couple of times
in Barron's. I think (not sure) in their Roundtable by Archie M. too.

Conseco (CNC): I own it. (The four above, I do not.) I mention it again now
because it is my only choice for an "exciting" stock people here might want to
consider at this time. Very aggressive management. Very "incentivized" with
options. Price dropping to yearly low. Rapid increase in sales. P/E is low. 10
of 12 analysts rate it a buy. Risky though, imo: high ROE-- makes me
uncomfortable.

The insurance stock that I think should be considered by value investors is
Ohio Casualty Corp. (OCAS). Given that it's an insurance company(with all the
negatives that implies), that it really hasn't grown sales very much, that it's
getting beat up in car insurance rates in an important market (New Jersey),
that we don't know what affect the internet will have on them--but we know it
is affecting all old style insurance companies (esp. in auto which is OCAS'
biggest line)-- I've started a small position today in OCAS.
Because OCAS is:
1. Selling below stated book value and about at tangible book value.
2. Buying back their stock.
3. Selling near a price not seen since early '97
4. Offering almost a 6% dividend yield. (oops. Just missed that ex-div date
-g-)
5. But especially, OCAS has been able to increase its dividend for fifty-two
years. That is something.

I think this is stock that should be considered now by value investors (those
who maintain a diversified portfolio anyway). Not saying it should be bought or
bought at current price. Just that it's attractive enough to catch the eye and
be given the once over.
My opinion only.

Regards,

Paul Senior
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 4:14:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

Trolling for undervalued stocks today, made a health care bet on HealthSouth.
Now at about 4X cash flow, with manageable debt (coverage ratio 6X), and
stabilizing reimbursement situation. Touching upon lows hit in last Fall's
crash. A fairly recession proof-play with good
demographics behind it; well-managed. Splitting into two operations, which may
be catalyst for increased value recognition.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 4:24:00 PM
From:Madharry

is the share price 4x cash flow or the enterprise value 4x cash flow?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 4:54:00 PM
From:Grommit

APCC -

I think APCC is a fine stock for those who are seeking a reasonable priced
growth stock to add to the value portfolio. Those posters marveling at the
absurd valuations and not wanting to chase them might consider APCC. APCC keeps
promoting the fact that they supply power to the network industry. The PE of
APCC just might return to former lofty levels from these reasonable levels.

As far as their new poison pill. My opinion is that they make mgmt more secure
and do not help stockholders.

...

Another company in this category which y'all might glance at - BHE.

regards,

http://quote.yahoo.com/q?s=apcc+bhe&d=0b
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 5:40:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Mike, I'll put HRC on my watch list along with MCK. I keep hemming and hawing.
Can't figure out winners from losers in the healthcare provider biz. All look
to me like they're in big trouble- debt levels, changing business models.
(Maybe that's just the point - it might be good for stock buyers now.) But
which one's will recover? - so many variables
inpatient/outpatient/geographical/competitive/government changes/aging pop.
Some of these firms seems like they can go bust. With method you maybe are, or
might be, using on HRC - get out if it drops to new lows-- you risk about 5%.
With method I use-- try to hold until recovery - seems like its more risky plus
costly in tying up funds.
I'll have to consider it some more.

Paul.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 9:38:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

It's more like EV:EBITDA of 7.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 9:41:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

I2: re: NWL. Newell Rubbermaid is a powerful company. At some point
institutions will want to own more of the stock. Hard for me to see it now as a
value stock though. If earnings are dropping, say to $2.10 and it sells at
16-17x like it has in a couple of past years, then I call it fair valued now.
If, on the other hand, it sells for 18-19x like it also has averaged in a
couple of past years, there's a good chance for some appreciation. (Stock moves
from 32 today to say maybe a 'reasonable' 36-38 average with some chance for
retest of 40-50 levels.)

I defer to others who can evaluate this thing properly. I see it selling now
for psr midway (1.8) in the yearly range it's seen over the past several years
(1.6 to 2.1 eyeballed). Given NWL is a large consumer company selling a variety
of many small $ items, maybe psr does provide some clue as to what fair value
might be. If so, I don't see a bargain right now. (Athough of course, I've been
wrong many, many times.)

Anybody else with an opinion on NWL?
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 10:46:00 PM
From:James Clarke

I've looked at MCK in some detail and am very comfortable with it at 30 if
you've got two years. I think the upside justifies a potential wait. HRC I had
looked at before, probably at higher levels, and had no interest. This looked
to me like a company that grew by acquisition, acquiring with its high stock
price. Once that high stock price went away, their game ended. At that point
Wall Street looks at the assets of the company and sees that they're 6 times
EBITDA assets once the growth by acquisition story is no longer reality. Very
much like the analysis I did on Service Corp. and decided to stay away.

Dr. Mike might know a lot more about this one than we do, but that was my take.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 11:01:00 PM
From:James Clarke

I have encountered Newell management in several past lives and have been very
impressed with them, as has Wall Street. These guys are really good at what
they do, which is acquire boring housewares businesses and improve their
margins. That said, the stock was probably overvalued, and even with the drop
last week I agree with Paul - at best the stock is fairly valued in my view.

Newell has built itself by feeding on plankton - little 50 or 100 million
acquisitions that they could buy for a bargain. Eventually you get so big that
a 50 million acquisition doesn't do it anymore - you need 10 of them a year to
be meaningful. So they go out and acquire Rubbermaid, a company I view as very
challenged by realities in the market - things even Newell might not be able to
correct. Rubbermaid is a big proportion of the company's sales - they had never
done an acquisition nearly this big before, and they may be choking on it.

Analysts on the conference call today were almost hostile to Newell management
- a management they worshiped until very recently. Their sin - they have missed
four straight quarters, starting with the Rubbermaid acquisition.

I think we have time with this one. I use this time to figure out a target
price on my terms, then wait. If I had to guess now on a superficial analysis
(I don't) I would guess this bottoms at 13 or 14 times earnings after one more
disappointment in the fourth quarter. There are plenty of businesses of similar
quality trading at 13 or 14 times earnings because they have missed quarters.
No reason I can see why Newell should bottom at 18 times earnings.

As Paul said, I too would like to hear other views. I have not done nearly
enough work for this to be taken as anything particularly meaningful.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/7/1999 11:24:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

McKesson to me has limited visibility. They're a middle man and can be squeezed
pretty severely. With Medicare coverage of drugs, prescription prices are the
next target, and I don't see middlemen prospering in this environment. Their
size is the wild card, but it's no certainty. It's a low return on equity, low
return on assets game. Drug distributors and PPM's just don't make much sense
to me now. Neither does health care software.

HealthSouth has been on an acquisition binge because they had to be. I don't
see this as an ego-driven spree, but rather one necessitated by the changing
dynamics that require big negotiators. They to me are positioned in the areas
that a)make the most sense economically - rehab is a high return on investment
for the payor, and they will sooner or later realize this and b)have the most
sympathy at HCFA.
HealthSouth has a good reputation as managers in my understanding.

As always, new lows and I'm out until another base is formed. But for now looks
like a low risk play.
Mike

%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 12:51:00 AM
From:Michael Burry

Re: HRC, I should mention that one of the factors swaying me that the
company isn't in any danger is the tremendous insider buying that occurred
about 25% north of here. Broad-based and of significant volume. Long-term this
has been a good indicator for me.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 4:01:00 PM
From:James Clarke

Catalyst #2 at Maxwell Shoe just fired, and the stock is down to $8. I just
doubled my position. The quarterly financials were released today and picked up
the sale of the Jones licence. Since that was an intangible asset before (not
on balance sheet), the sale of it raised book value by $1.24 a share. It also
boosted the cash balance to $52 million. The stock will now show up for anybody
doing a net-net screen.

So now what we have is a $70 million market cap backed by $52 in cash and a
business that has been consistently profitable. Net net is about $9.50 a share,
book value of about $11.50.

To review the catalysts:
#1 was signing on new business to begin to replace the lost Jones business.
They signed Anne Klein last month and began showing product in August.
#2 was the release of the quarter which reveals the valuation of this stock to
investors doing screens.
#3 will be when they find something to do with the cash. Either a massive share
buyback, a special dividend, or more likely an acquisition.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 4:48:00 PM
From:Grommit

MAXS...

Good post. I was also thinking of adding. I do not mean to quibble but would
appreciate an arithmetic lesson.

You say BV of $11.50
If I take equity $97018 / shares 9434, I get $10.28

You say net net $9.50 per share. How's this:

Total assets $115 M
less trademarks (5)
less liab (16) *

Net = $94
Or around $9.96 per share.

* (I ignore deferred tax payable since I do not consider it a liab --it will
never be paid. Small change anyway.)

No big deal, but would appreciate your input.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 5:00:00 PM
From:Terrapin

Hi Grommit,

"As far as their new poison pill. My opinion is that they make mgmt more secure
and do not help stockholders."

I agree. This point is often driven home when an incompetent Board of Directors
runs a company into the ground and then passes a poison pill to protect their
jobs from their own shareholders. My problem is that I didn't think APCC was in
that kind of position. Have you seen relatively healthy companies passing these
things just for the hell of it or should I interpret this move to mean that
management might know that something bad is on the way?

Also RE: Midway,

Summner Redstone's network purchase helps me to understand why he would be
interested in this video game company because it gives him another distribution
channel for game-based products like cartoons, etc. Didn't buy this one either
but at least it now makes sense.

Terrapin
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 6:11:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

Jim,

Did the same quick calc and assessment on Maxwell. Didn't add more, but
thinking about it. Looks good. Meanwhile, do you have a response to my Q's re
LKI? I don't see it as a net net any longer, and with increasing debt load and
cash flow turning negative, I'm getting wary. Was going to hold it through the
winter, but the money might be better off in Maxwell.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 7:24:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

And I come up with yet a third net-net!

I thought it would be a simple calculation, but it certainly is not for me!

Grommit, I think you left $7.1M of plant and equipment in your calculation.

I calculate net-net as: total current assets minus current liabilities minus
all long-term debt which is all then divided by sh. outstanding. But maybe
better to use fully diluted shares as you have done. So I think 9.4 million at
end of quarter figure is it. I get 103.1 minus 16.3 = 86.8 which is $9.23/sh.
or $9.09 if I also take out for the $1.4 of deferred tax and small lease
obligation expense.

Possibly what needs to be acknowledged is that in one of Ben Graham's methods,
he recommends buying a package of net-net stocks, but buying them only when
they are selling for 2/3 of net-net value and selling them when the stocks get
to net-net or after two years (as I recall). Given the times we invest in (if
we are to invest at all), we do have to make some concession to what his
methods were. I don't like that, but my belief is that Dr. Graham, being a very
practical fellow, would himself, were he still working in today's environment,
be trying to adapt or find methods that would be suitable for a 1999
Intelligent Investor.

Regardless of what the "correct" number is that we arrive at, my opinion is
that MAXS, at its current price, is a reasonable bet for diversified
portfolios. You get some margin of safety with the numbers and a shot that the
management can once-again continue to use their skills and their business model
to create some shareholder value. (in my opinion)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 9:29:00 PM
From:Shane M

Paul,

What's your feeling on Sabre Group after the recent drop? I'm interested in
this co.

CEO departs
http://quicken.excite.com/investments/news/story/pr/?story=/news/stories/pr/199
0907/datu012.htm&symbol=TSG

Thanks, Shane
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/8/1999 10:58:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Shane, re TSG: Jim C. here is the resident AMR/TSG expert I'd say. To me and
for me, the stock is too expensive still. But what do I know? Sold last year
before big run up to 70+.

Shane, I put it too you this way: If you were buying TSG, how long would you be
in for? Until they get a new Pres. and stock maybe recovers? Short term might
work. (Esp. maybe if they hire somebody popular with the analysts.) Or would
you be in TSG for a long term investment? Might work out too, but for long term
imo, there's got to be safer, more value buys than TSG.

ps -g- and I also scanned HSII, Heidrick & Struggles Int'l Inc., "the world's
leading executive search firm" hired to find a replacement. That company's
public history is too new, and their stock is too high too. IMO. Paul.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 10:52:00 AM
From:sjemmeri

It's been a while since CMM was discussed here but today there is a Herb
Greenberg article on CMM on thestreet.com.
It says a plan is expected to be announced Friday. Here's
a paragraph from it:

Those, of course, are only his assumptions, but you won't find any argument in
the possibility that Criimi's common stock may hold value from William Ackman,
a partner at Gotham Partners, which owns a 9.8% stake in Criimi bought after
the bankruptcy filing. (Ackman also bought into Alexander's after its
bankruptcy filing.) Ackman believes the company's reorganization will include
selling 30% to 50% to another buyer, who will get convertible stock that could
convert in the 3 to 4 range. (The stock, which traded as high as 13 over the
past year, closed yesterday at 2 1/4.) He also believes the company will resume
paying a dividend after bankruptcy in the form of preferred stock (it used to
pay an annual cash dividend of $1.60 per share) and that it could make a
special one-time dividend to cover past dividends that have been held back.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 1:11:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

Paul, still in FTL? Got an assessment of the situation, er massacre? Just
getting interested, but can't see any way to get around the warning that they
might violate their loan covenants. Hence no margin of safety.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 1:16:00 PM
From:jeffbas

James, on MAXS, it seems interesting but will we have a quarter where we lose
the Nine West sales and they are not fully replaced, and they lose money from
operations, or close to it? If so, wouldn't that be a better time for buying
the stock? I also could not find any insider buying reported at this level or
lower, which has prevailed for quite a while.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 1:30:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

According to an AP report today, 100 physician groups contracted wtih HMOs have
gone bankrupt in the last 3 years.
In California alone, doctors are holding $100 million in delinquent accounts
receivable from HMOs. Absolutely outrageous, and explains the increased AR at
HealthSouth.
HMOs are evidently not just underpaying, but NOT paying, despite contractual
obligations.

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 2:09:00 PM
From:Wallace Rivers

Anyone interested in CMO at 4 bucks? Assuming NAV will take a slight haircut to
about $7/share, you get the assets at about 57% of what they are worth in the
market. Last Q's dividend was .18 on earnings of .19. I, and many others
estimate the dividend will be .14-.15 this Q. At the .14 figure, assuming the
dividend holds (a big assumption), the stock is pegged to yield 14%. Let's say
the div. drops to .12, yield drops to a mere 12%. Huge share buyback is in
place, and probably ongoing.
Comments anyone? The above, of course, is my opinion only, and, as has happened
many times in the past, I could very well be wrong!
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 3:59:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Mike, re: FTL. Yes, taking it in the shorts with FTL.

Have all my Fruit of the Loom shares, buying more today.

Well, this situation is scary. Difficult to see how it might end favorably.
I've been in situations like this before- averaging down and down, only to see
the company drop into bankruptcy. Not pleasant. I'd guess for people here who
didn't see value at higher price, if they see value now, it ought to be totally
obscured by the rapid and precipitous decline in FTL stock price.

FTL has a number of problems. The stated problem (i.e. the problem they say) is
that they're having difficulty meeting customer demand. Imo, if true, whatever
the reason - they moved plants off shore, customers suddenly increased orders,
customers unexpectedly changed the types of orders -- these problems should all
be temporary.

There is also some problem with Mr. Farley, the head guy, who is now going to
be replaced. Per Yahoo, this guy might have been self-serving in some of the
deals he's done with the company and/or he terribly hurt the business in the
way he has run the company. My concern is that I don't know how much damage the
man has done, but I assume (without having any facts though) a lot of damage
since we're seeing the stock crater.

That FTL is/or might be in violation of loan covenants is not worrisome to me.
(FTL has too much debt and that is a problem though.) FTL has been around a
long time. People are still wearing underwear. (Uh- that would be an assumption
by me. I defer to you, the physician, who has more of an opportunity to see
people in various stages of (un)dress -g-.) FTL's got a good market share and
in past, has been able to make a profit. I don't see why they can not get their
business act together again. I'll assume that the FTL bond holders will try to
allow FTL a little space to do so, or maybe require that FTL sell some assets,
just so that they don't have to fight FTL in bankruptcy court. I just hope FTL
suppliers will not panic and somehow throw FTL into bankruptcy. I am increasing
my bet that FTL will muddle through. There is a business here. I don't know
what the value is, but the stock seems to be at a decade low. For many years
the business was valued between $20-30/share by the market. I think the reward
is there. But clearly, the risk is most definitely there, and most predominant
now.

Since the stock seems to be experiencing a two-day half-life, I think the
wisest course for others right now might be to wait a bit to see what happens
-until the situation at least stabilizes anyway.

Paul
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 4:16:00 PM
From:Investor2

Thanks Paul and James for your assessments of NWL.

Best wishes,

I2
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 4:52:00 PM
From:Madharry

Initiated positions in USU and SFY yesterday. SOmebody mentioned on the Conseco
thread that they were changing their accounting on the sale of mortgage pools.
Have not verified this but thought it might be of interest to the thread.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 5:07:00 PM
From:Michael Burry

About as detailed a press release as I have ever seen, released today by
HealthSouth. Margin pressure to me is expected and merely a continuation,
although maybe not expected by analysts. I liked the rest of what I read,
though some of the charges seemed high given the initiatives.

http://biz.yahoo.com/prnews/990909/al_healths_1.html

Mike
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 5:47:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Armin, re: SFY. Why SFY and why now? I was wondering, given that I wrongly
passed on APA about 6-8 months ago when stock was much lower (article in WSJ
had described heavy insider buying in some of these gas explore. companies),
and it was also earlier(??) in the business cycle.

Paul
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 6:14:00 PM
From:Paul Senior

Steven E., Wallace R. et. al.: Looks like there's some interest here now in
mortgage REITs, and we've all got our favorites. To me, seems like there's some
industry consolidation going on: CMM - Steven's choice, and I'm looking at
(don't own) ICH which AXX would like now to acquire, but ICH already has an
offer from AMCT. Holders of ICH at current $6 price will get a good div. yield
if the AXX offer goes. I notice the buyouts are for less than book value which
initially surprised me, but on reflection, I guess might be reasonable, given
that the acquirer is also taking on the responsibility for relatively large
amounts of debt.

These mortgage REITs pay great dividends (right now anyway). I've found one I'm
watching that yields 17%. As Wallace says though, "assuming the dividend holds
(a big assumption)". Very tough for me to figure. Collaterization,
securitization, interest rate risk, treasury bond fluctuations, spread risk---.
Actually, it seems impossible for me to understand let alone figure out next
steps. Maybe a way around it might be to follow the insiders if there's insider
buying and/or no insider selling. I had thought if the selling price were below
book value that would provide some protection, but now I'm not so sure that is
enough.

Paul
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 6:21:00 PM
From:sjemmeri

I wouldn't call CMM my choice at this point. I haven't bought yet although I
came close today. I can't understand them any better than you. Also, since CMM
is in re-org right now, I don't think we can look for insiders to buy.

EDIT: Just found the news announcement on the CMM reorg:

http://www.siliconinvestor.com/research/story.gsp?id=147441&s=cmm

They are getting a new equity investment in form of a convertible preferred. I
don't really know how to interpret this.
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 7:14:00 PM
From:Shane M

Paul,

on TSG - I'm interested in a long term hold. I don't see this as a value
investment at all, but instead as a Buffett/GARP. It's one of those that's
starting to look good to me, but like Mike B and I discussed earlier - when
stocks like this seem to come into valuation range - well it's sometimes an
indication that something bad behind the scenes is going on that's yet to be
priced into the stock. The CEO leaving is indication of something _potentially_
being amiss, but I'm keeping a close eye. I think in any event a CEO leaving
will scare off enough investors to limit upside for a while. If the story blows
up, it might provide a compelling buy.

Shane
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 8:07:00 PM
From:James Clarke

Armin - wish I were in USU at your price. I would buy it here too if I didn't
already own a lot of it, and I would add if I had some cash coming in.

Maxwell questions - maybe there is a time in the next couple quarters that will
be a better entry point, but you give me a net-net that has been profitable for
the last five years, and has clean accounting, I don't ask many more questions.

LKI - Mike asked some very pointed and well thought out questions and I am not
ignoring them. I just have been working hard and have a 3 week old baby at
home, so forgive me a few days - I just haven't had time to look at it. I
haven't read the 10-Q yet, but will try to get through it tonight if little
Jimmy ever goes to sleep.

Any thoughts on Chromcraft Revington (CRC)? Looks really really cheap to me.

JJC
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 8:38:00 PM
From:jeffbas

MAXS, I understand your point. I just do not see any immediate catalyst and see
the chance that fear about the next quarter combined with some yearend tax loss
selling may see us test the lows (successfully) and make a double bottom.

You have, in my opinion, made the better odds play by buying now.
However, I will really love buying it at around $7 :-)
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 9:52:00 PM
From:John Stichnoth

Paul, Re Partner Re--Just a quick comment. Book value of an insurer or
reinsurer is a ticklish thing. They generally don't truly know their results
for several years, based on the type of business they book and the length of
its "tail". The famous cases include asbestos, breast implants, the Dalkon
shield, etc. It was years before the size of those losses became apparent.

I am out of touch with what the various reinsurers are covering. But my dim
memory is that Partner Re was booking a fair amount of long tail business 10
years ago.

Best Regards,
JS
%EOM----------------------

%BOM---------------------
Date:9/9/1999 10:27:00 PM
From:John Stichnoth

James, catching up. A brief reaction to Reliance/insurance picks. IMO insurance
is an industry where you want to look at management's competence. There will be
huge differences in results, long term, from the better managers. And Reliance
(albeit Mr. Steinberg's fame) has never shown that they can be a superior
insurance company. They've done some snazzy financial deals over the years, but
their combined ratio has been at best mediocre.

(But, I haven't looked at Reliance in quite awhile. So take the above with a
grain of salt and check the numbers yourself).

Remember--You only get Warren Buffett's famous "float" if you run at a
favorable combined ratio!

Best regards,
JS
%EOM----------------------

